Behold: the Amazon shopping list you didn’t know you needed — but actually do. At New York Post Shopping, we’re dedicated to researching and testing products that our readers adore and we vouch are well-worth your coin. Now, it’s time to dive into the ultimate edit of best-selling Amazon products for 2022. For all your shopping needs, we divided this shoppable guide into categories — from beauty and grooming to home and kitchen (and many, many more). Not to mention, if you’re planning on grabbing an iced chai and perusing the retailer for a good chunk of the day (what we do for our 9-to-5s, anyway), you’ll be pleased to know that you can score the best dresses under $50, top-of-the-line air fryers and everything from smart home devices to kitchen gadgets and electronics. Below, find the 100 best Amazon products that are bestsellers and our readers adore. We dug into the data and did the research so all you have to do is thrive off your Prime membership. Click to jump to a specific product category: If there’s a top product our readers have been adding to their carts nonstop, it’s CeraVe’s Eye Repair Cream. Not only is it one of our favorite eye creams we tested, but it’s exceptional for helping to treat dry skin and puffiness. Revlon’s One-Step Volumizer Blow-Dryer Brush is so good, we just had to write a review on it. As its name suggests, it’s a two-in-one blow-dryer and hair styler that’ll give you a salon-looking finish every time. After testing more than a dozen dry shampoos, Joico’s Weekend Hair Dry Shampoo came out on top (and, fittingly, is also an Amazon bestseller. Our readers purchased this ASAP, too. EltaMD’s UV Clear Facial Sunscreen is an Amazon-cherished favorite, namely because it’s best practice to wear SPF on your skin every day (it’s routine for us). This premium beauty bestseller is perfect to toss in your beach bag or keep in your car for reapplying. As one of the best dentist-recommended electric toothbrushes we rounded up, Oral-B’s Pro 1000 CrossAction has been a frequent purchase ever since we wrote about it. What’s more, it’s an Amazon bestseller for removing 300% more plaque (now, that’s impressive). If you’re a beauty junkie, this isn’t your first time hearing about IT Cosmetics’ revolutionary Your Skin But Better CC+ Cream. It’s lightweight, hydrating and, impressively, contains SPF 50+ to protect against UVA and UVB rays. As one of the best body oils our dermatologist expert rounded up, Bio-Oil’s Skincare Oil is the creme de la creme. It’s moisturizing (much like your best body lotions or body butters) and has a whopping 123K positive reviews and counting. After a recent reformulation, Olaplex’s No. 4 and No. 5 Shampoo and Conditioner is back and better than ever (and hasn’t left Amazon’s best-sellers list). Suitable for all hair types, there’s no surprise it landed a prime spot in our best shampoos review. Made viral on TikTok, SiO’s FaceLift are the under-eye patches (and, all-over-face patches, if we’re being honest) that are worth the hype. Designed to fade away the appearance of wrinkles, you’ll be blown away by how your skin feels the next day. For $16, this unisex fragrance has nearly 45,000 rave reviews for smelling fresh and being small enough to stash in your bag when on the go. Plus, the brand — and Amazon — has even more options up its sleeve. As one of our favorite brands for shampoos we tested (seriously, way too good to skip), Alterna is the haircare brand we need to put on your radar. Not only does it make your hair the smoothest it’ll ever feel, but it pairs well with the brand’s Densifying Styling Mousse ($38) and Restructuring Bond Repair Leave-in Heat Protection Spray ($32). Real talk — we reviewed every Anastasia Beverly Hills product and — spoiler alert — the Brow Wiz is next-level. Available in a wealth of shades, you’ll never go a day without your brows looking defined. Truth be told, our readers have been ordering countless rowing machines after we spoke to two professional rowers about how to best exercise with them and what to look for in one to complete your home gym. As a top choice, this one is just over $240. Reusable water bottles are all the rage — and for a good reason. Not only do they keep your drink cold (or warm, if you stash coffee in them), but they’re sustainable and come in fun colors. Amazon’s best-selling Iron Flask is just $24 and will be one of your most practical purchases yet. With nearly 90K positive reviews, Amazon is practically telling you to pick up this personal water filter for camping, hiking and emergency run-ins. It removes 99.99% of bacteria and parasites to make water safe for drinking and is EPA-approved. According to Shakira’s personal trainer (yes, we talked to her), neoprene dumbbell sets lean more on the comfortable side, making it easy to grip without a harsh metal smell. This two-pack comes in many weight and color options to accompany your workouts. We can surely attest that regardless of your style (and even gender), there’s just something about a fleece men’s hoodie that makes us want to live in it 24/7. This one is less than $40, comes in an array of colors and is great all-year-round for lounging. We stand by treadmills for being our built-in fitness essential. From cardio to incline, XTerra’s Fitness Folding Treadmill is one Amazon shoppers resort to, namely for the relatively affordable price and great quality for treading. If you’re keen on getting your steps in, you may want to click add-to-cart on this elliptical machine, one of the more affordable pieces of equipment that’ll have your heart rate pumping in no time. Plus, it fits in even the smallest of spaces. Available in any color you can think of, Amazon Basics’ Exercise Yoga Mat is one of the most you-should-own-it items in this edit. It’s extra thick, so it won’t move around as much during your sun salutations and is a great price. Whether you’re searching for a trusty pair (or pairs!) of compression socks to help alleviate pain or keep you comfortable in high-movement activity, you can’t go wrong with this eight-pack for just $20. Not to mention, it’s a nice assortment of black and white to appeal to anyone. Enter one of the most acclaimed fitness essentials of the 21st century. Fitbit’s Charge 5 is a reliable wrist accessory that’ll keep track of your heart rate and calories burned — aside from counting steps. Your new WFH station has been unlocked. Flexispot’s Exercise Desk Bike is next-level, featuring a comfortable seat, lay-flat top to write in your notebook or type away on your laptop and an opportunity to get your cycling in. For less than $450 right now, it’s a steal. Ah, we owe many thanks to the glorious and ultra-flattering scrunch-butt leggings that make us look like we conquered leg day Sunday through Saturday. As one of our readers’ favorite grabs, how can you resist? Basic and bundled, Gildan Men’s Crew T-Shirts are likely owned by every guy in the tri-state area — and beyond. This 12-pack for $36 is an excellent value that will last you even if you miss laundry day during the week. We’re absolutely floored that this lace-sleeved top is (1) super cute and comes in many colors and (2) a style that has more than 40,000 positive reviews. Not to mention, it looks like something you’d find a designer label on. As one of our favorite work dresses, this 3/4 sleeve number comes in a wide selection of hues to keep your wardrobe stocked with professional and flattering corporate wear. Its wrap-style waist pulls us in even more. If you’re looking for a budget buy to accessorize with, look no further than Pavoi’s Gold Hoops. We own them, we love them and vouch they’re a quality pair of statement jewelry if you don’t want to splurge on fine jewelry. This two-piece outfit is similar to many we listed in our guide to the best women’s workout sets. It’s a put-together ensemble that comes in many colorways (and looks fabulous with a zipper-up hoodie and a pair of white sneakers). No, lingerie isn’t just for Valentine’s Day. We’re about self-love and sexy styles all 12 months of the year — and there’s no better confidence boost than what you’ll get when sporting this teddy bodysuit. This isn’t a drill. We think all of our readers should own Carhartt’s Knit Cuffed Beanie — a classic to its core that comes in different colors to suit your go-to look. Not to mention, it doesn’t compromise quality even though it’s less than $20 (a double-win!) Though we’re all quite used to WFH culture, having a solid pair of work pants at your disposal. Lee’s Relaxed Fit All-Day Straight Leg Pant looks basic, but its comfortable, streamlined fit — we believe — was sent from above. To style with your work pants (or any outfit, for that matter), go ahead and purchase Fossil’s Riley Stainless Steel Crystal Watch. Not only is it on a feel-good discount (less than $100!) but its gold face and band is timeless — pun totally intended. As one of our favorite brands for white dresses, Kirundo has a spectacular sleeveless tiered dress that nearly 7K Amazon shoppers are raving about. From its easy-breezy style (similar to our favorite linen dresses), it’s unbeatable for the warmer months. As one of our favorite brands for humidifiers, Levoit has an affordably priced model for your bedroom (and other smaller spaces). For just $40, it diffuses a 40-hour mist to keep your space purified and clean. We didn’t think one of our favorite bed sheets would garner more than 330,000 reviews (and a growing fanbase among our readers). Available in many styles and prints, how could you neglect purchasing this $15 set? Spring cleaning may be a thing, but we’re advocates of the tidying up process all year round. To commemorate your weekend re-organization, pick up this 30-pack of super-slim velvet hangers for just $21 (trust us on this one). For hands-free cleaning, iRobot’s Roomba 692 is a reader-favorite robot vacuum that’s typically always on sale. Paired with the Robot app to schedule and monitor your deep cleans, it’s one of our favorite vacuum cleaners as well. It’s just one of those Amazon grabs we add to our cart time and again. Clorox’s Disinfecting Wipes — especially those that come in a three-pack — are revolutionary for killing 99.9% of bacteria and viruses, with each pack coming with 75 wet wipes. They’re one of our favorite household cleaning products, too. For a cozy throw (or your state-of-the-art blanket to snuggle up in), Bedsure’s Fleece Throw Blanket is your best bet. You guessed it — it comes in a generous color variety and our readers are gung-ho for the brand in shopping for bedding essentials. If your green thumb is sorely lacking, don’t fret. Amazon has a three-pack of realistic-looking fake plants for just $30 to adorn your home. In farmhouse-inspired neutrals, you’ll feel like Better Homes & Gardens just visited your home. Instead of waiting for mattresses to go on sale on holidays, pick up Zinus’ cost-effective Green Tea Memory Foam Mattress. Prices will vary slightly depending on size, but this model is a fantastic bed-in-a-box option worth your money. If you shop from our section frequently, you may have acquired many pairs of shoes over the years. But, with this shoe organizer from Simple Houseware, you’ll keep all your comfortable sets streamlined and organized. It’s a coffee table. It’s a desk. It’s a storage unit. Simply put, it’s a trifecta of a furniture piece. For just $160, this modern, match-all table is efficient, sleek and made of durable metal to last for years. If you’ve been following our coverage, you know we’re all about area rugs. With nearly 28K reviews on Amazon, NuLoom’s picture-perfect rug is perfect to adorn your living room (styled with your sectional sofa, too) and comes in plenty of lovely colors to choose from. With a quality ice maker, you won’t have to worry about refilling those dollar-store plastic trays any longer. Silonn’s model is also available in black, teal and white, and our readers can’t help but shop these trending household makers. It’s 2022 — if you don’t own an air fryer yet, we just want to know why. These trusty and smart gadgets, especially this one from Cosori, are perfect for meal prepping and popping in veggies for a homecooked dinner that’s sure to be Instagram-worthy. Hello, Keurig — the root cause of our coffee addiction. Now, Keurig’s K-Mini Coffee Maker isn’t just designed for taking up less real estate on your counter but it’s one of the most affordable at-home brewing machines out there. To pair with your slim-as-can-be Keurig, our readers are die-hard fans of Donut Shop’s original roast in the form of pods. This 72-pack will keep you fully stocked for a long while, too. To prepare healthy, scrumptious dishes in advance, we highly recommend investing in quality meal prep containers. Rubbermaid’s three-pack is great if you’re on a budget and load up your dishwasher fairly regularly. Not only is Dash’s Mini Waffle Maker absolutely adorable, but it’s just $13, and you can have individually portioned waffles in all their golden-brown glory in minutes. Plus, it comes in a variety of shades, along with styles (including heart-shaped and pumpkin-shaped). With a cluster of condiments, these $14 bins will be your saving grace. In a value-minded two-pack, all of your salad dressings and easy-grab snacks will be neatly in tow, making them one of the loveliest kitchen organizers. In the mood for some toast? Well, Mueller’s Four-Slice Toaster Oven won’t just give you your wheat and rye, but pizzas, veggies and chicken can also be heated up to dig into upon ordering this model. We adore it, if you couldn’t tell. Stock up on flatware with this 48-piece set that’s stainless steel and even comes with steak knives in its cutlery crate. For less than $40, it’s a much-loved Amazon steal. If there’s one thing Amazon has a bounty of affordable options of, it’s cookware sets. This basic 16-piece set is perfect for your first home or to add to your wedding registry for a brand-new bundle you’ll love for years on end. Enhance your cooking experience with a quality dutch oven for all your seasoned dinners and bakes. Amazon Basics has a dreamy Enameled Cast Iron Covered Dutch Oven for less than $55, impressively, with more than 31K positive reviews. Other colors are available, too. Enter one of our readers’ favorite Amazon devices (like, ever). Amazon’s Echo Dot is just $50 and will transform your listening experience (especially when you snag Amazon Music Unlimited). Plus, it works with our dear friend, Alexa. To keep safety as the main priority, this $35 mini security camera will help keep your space protected. With motion detection and two-way audio that allows you to monitor your home day and night, we have no cons. If you’re an avid reader, you may want to check out some of the much-talk-about books below — as well as order the all-new Kindle Paperwhite. With a glare-reducing screen to read like a natural page-turner, $140 will be a worthwhile investment. After reporting on the best wireless earbuds under $100, our readers hopped on ordering JBL’s True Wireless In-Ear Headphones. Now 20% off, swipe the hands-free, sleek pair before the price subtly skyrockets. If you’re streaming without an Amazon device, you’re surely not streaming to its fullest potential. We still thank our lucky stars that the Amazon Fire TV Stick exists, especially for its voice-activated Alexa and ability to watch our favorites, including Disney+. Available in different size options, TCL’s Roku Smart TV is one of the top TVs you can buy right now (just check out our how-to-buy-a-TV guide, per an expert). For the price, it’s slim, modern and does the job beautifully. If a state-of-the-art DSLR camera is on your radar, then it’s time to be a rebel and snatch one up. Canon’s EOS Rebel T7 isn’t cookie-cutter; it has built-in WiFi, a high-quality optical viewfinder and isn’t upwards of $1,000. Turn back time and add a retro (yet modern) turntable to your cart. Along with some of the best albums on vinyl, this Audio-Technica model will make your ears — and your space — super happy. As one of our favorite printers, HP’s DeskJet is a compact yet efficient model that’s less than $150. It prints color, as well as go-to black and white, in magnificent speed. With more than 64K rave reviews on Amazon, Miady’s USB Portable Charger is what will save the day when you’re out and about. The two-pack bundle is sleek enough to toss in your work tote or backpack, too, offering you a powerful charge that’s compatible with several phone models. Keep things comfortable and matching with everything, made possible with Amazon Essentials’ Belice Ballet Flat. Its color selection is unstoppable and its classic design is well worth the $22 price tag. As one of the most sought-after dress shoes Amazon has to offer, it’s not a bad idea to pick up this less-than-$50 pair ahead of your next wedding or upscale occasion. They’re even great for work as a dressed-up loafer. Meet one of our favorite work totes — the tassel-embossed, gold-buckled tote that keeps its structure and never lets us down. Lovingly, it fits our laptop, making it a daily grab for our 9-to-5s. If you’re on the lookout for a quality men’s backpack, let’s put this style from Leaper on your radar. It’s basically a backpack and messenger bag hybrid, looking ultra-designer despite its $40 price. If you’re the type to carry a Mary Poppins bag at all times, a slim wallet is your BFF. That said, Travelambo’s Wallet — in whichever shade you select — is the perfect buy for less than $20. Staying on the slim train, Travando’s Slim Wallet is a classic option for men, clad with a money clip for easy access. Not to mention, it’s simple to store in the pocket of a briefcase when en route to work. If you want to avoid the constant shopping spree of sunglasses, caused in large part by too many cheap pairs, Oakley is what you need. Its Feedback Aviator Sunglasses are a sturdy take on your favorite classics, with the lens colors customizable on Amazon. For men, MXNX’s Aviator Sunglasses are that sleek-black option that lean unisex. With a carrying case, they’re the perfect budget buy our readers are turned on to. It’s a clutch and it’s also a crossbody. While we covet designer clutches of all shapes and sizes, this less-than-$30 option (that matches virtually everything, BTW) is difficult to pass up. Some people love heels (and. we do, too) but there’s a difference — we love comfortable heels. In this versatile design, all you have to do is add these flattering beauties to your Amazon cart. Dubbed the “dad shoe,” New Balance sneakers are both classic and on-trend. The low-profile, white pair is budget-friendly, too, and ultimate when styled with our favorite men’s shorts. Plus, this pair has almost 50K great reviews. Let’s kick off our favorite outdoor Amazon buys with this inflatable hot tub that’s sure to cultivate the R&R we so desperately need. If you’re looking to amp up your time outside in the warmer months — especially with friends — it’s time to hop on this one. To manicure your lawn to be as neat and green as can be, Craftsman’s Gas-Powered Push Lawn Mower is one of our readers’ favorites they shopped ASAP to prepare for spring and summer. For the price, it’s a stellar investment for your home. When we think of the outdoors, picking up the most dazzling pool floats is what’s on our radar. Also loved by our readers, this four-pack of Fruit Pool Floats is a colorful value to add to your collection. As a rite of passage to the American culture, the game of cornhole is rendered a fan-favorite, especially for backyard parties. Pick up this set for $78 for some guaranteed fun, with your favorite sparkling beverage in hand. Going camping anytime soon? Coleman’s Sundrome Tent will keep you nice and toasty inside, especially in its four-person size (which we recommend for extra room, even if you’re flying solo). It’ll only take about 10 minutes to fully assemble, too. If you’re an avid golfer (or know someone who is), it’s a good idea to pick up this three-pack of golf wedges to take to the field — and channel your inner Tiger Woods at the same time. Uniquely, Lazarus has many variations to its trios. Looking to combat the rising gas prices? In all seriousness, Dynacraft has an excellent bike to get your exercise in or commute to work in style. For less than $200, we’re ready to skirt down our neighborhood’s bike lanes. As a revolutionary piece to accompany the rest of your outdoor patio furniture, gravity lounge chairs are among our most recommended. Available in numerous prints and hues, this two-pack is a steal for less than $150. On the market for a new grill? Royal Gourmet has one for less than $200, which also includes a cover and is a beloved add-to-cart item on Amazon. With its chrome-plated warming rack, anything is possible. To complete your outdoor setup, how about a cozy and eclectic fire pit? We recommend this one from Legacy Heating, being a standout from the rest because it doubles as a table (which is great for entertaining). If there’s antything our readers love, it’s outdoor patio furniture. With a few thousand positive ratings, Greesum’s 4-Piece Patio Conversation Set is well-priced under $200 and is great for small and large yards alike. Not to mention, it pairs well with one of our favorite patio tables. As one of our readers’ favorite purchases from our best spring books of 2022 roundup, “One Italian Summer” is a glimmer of literary realism, following the story of Katy navigating through grief  — after her mother passed — in the Italian riviera. As an adored memoir, “Educated” is a powerful testimony about carving out a life for yourself, following your passions and setting forth your own path amid obstacles. It’s a best-seller not just on Amazon, but at Barnes & Noble, too. If you’re a sucker for contemporary romance novels, we got you. From the author of “The Ex Talk” (another one of our favorite reads) comes “Weather Girl” — an easy-to-follow, heartfelt story about a meteorologist’s relationship with her station’s sports reporter. Meet the only cookbook you’ll ever need — seriously. The popular Pinterest and Instagram page Half Baked Harvest is spun into a bound, recipe-filled delight with everyday meals that are just as good as they are unique. Go purchase ASAP (trust us). If historical fiction brings you joy, then “The Four Winds” should be next on your reading list. Following the 1934 Great Plains drought in farm-country Texas, it’s a moving novel that’s perfect if you enjoyed “Where The Crawdads Sing.” We can’t skip on the classics. F. Scott Fitzgerald’s “The Great Gatsby” continues to be a work of art, underscoring the flapper-populated era of the 1920s. Not to mention, this timeless read is perfect if you’re a beginner to this genre and want a lighter flip-through. Much like this book’s name, Brene Brown speaks from the heart as a skilled psychologist and researcher. The informational read highlights topics like perfectionism, relationships and more, while also serving as a wonderful coffee table book. Dr. Greger’s “How Not to Die” is a deep dive into nutritious foods that are scientifically proven to “prevent and reverse disease,” per the cover. If you’re a lover of health news and statistics, delight yourself in this one. What better way to enter the mysteries genre than with “And Then There Were None,” written by the Queen of Mystery, Agatha Christie. It’s a decades-long  fan-favorite, too. We don’t have to twist your arm for you to order this one. For all things stress relief and creativity-driven, this gorgeously designed coloring book is waiting for your purchase. If you’re in a reading rut, “The Golden Couple” will get you out of it. Deemed an Editor’s Pick on Amazon, this page-turning suburban thriller will have you thinking, analyzing and predicting like no other. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.