Now you can escape New York by moving in. Private helicopter company Blade — known for whisking the rich and famous to and fro the Hamptons — has inked a first of its kind partnership with One United Nations Park, a new waterfront condo project. Residents of the 43-story layered glass tower at 695 First Ave., between East 39th and 40th streets, will be able to book helicopters, seaplanes and jets through the building’s concierge. The can then grab their ride via the neighboring helipad and dock at 34th Street. Better still, UN Park dwellers will get the hell out of dodge with preferred pricing on those very helicopters, seaplanes and jets. The average cost of a helicopter flight from Manhattan and the Hamptons is $1,025 each way. Flights to JFK start at $195 and can take as little as five minutes. How’s that for beating traffic on the Van Wyck? “Blade is excited to be partnering with One United Nations Park to offer their residents this unique benefit,” said Jeffrey Brenner, head of brand partnerships and activations at Blade Urban Air Mobility, Inc. “Living just blocks from Blade’s Lounges’ on East 34th Street and East 23rd Street, residents essentially have access to their own private helipad and seaplane base through this partnership. We are excited for these residents to have the ultimate travel experience of a frictionless, stress-free journey.” Residences at One United Nations Park start on the 28th floor and boast floor-to-ceiling windows (with unabated views of the colorful mélange of country flags flying in front of the United Nations just across the avenue), private terraces and elevators. There are also duplexes on the 28th and 29th floors that offer double-height spaces. All east-facing units have water views and the top floors enjoy panoramic vistas of the city beyond Manhattan. Design features include a mix of refined wood, stone and glass vis-à-vis a color palette of white, pale gray and earth tones with wide-plank and white oak floors. Kitchens feature white marble and natural stone and Gaggenau appliances. Bathrooms have honed Blue de Savoie stone floors and honed Calacatta Lincoln marble walls and countertops, custom double vanities and oversize showers. Apartments are also tricked out with smart technology enabled by Crestron that allows residents to control temperature, lighting and motorized solar and blackout window shares through any mobile phone using the Pyng app. Meanwhile, the building’s public spaces should wow dignitaries with a three-story lobby featuring Venetian plaster and travertine slabs and a glass-framed entranceway. An underground motor court offers residents private, underground parking if the nearby ferries and helipad prove undesirable. The building is more than half sold, but units are still available, ranging from one-bedrooms starting at $1.48 million up to four-bedrooms, at $6.45 million. A 3,800-square-foot, four-bedroom duplex with a 356-square-foot terrace is listed for $8.99 million. Hope you aren’t afraid of heights.