Late Sunday night, Billy Eppler brought Robinson Cano into Buck Showalter’s office at Citi Field to have a challenging but necessary talk. The Mets general manager had to tell the veteran second baseman, whom he had known since their days together with the Yankees, that the club was designating him for assignment because of Monday’s roster crunch. Teams needed to trim down from 28 players to 26 by noon on Monday, and the underperforming Cano was the Mets’ final cut. “It was pretty difficult,” Eppler said Monday outside of the Mets’ clubhouse, where the move was expected to resonate because of Cano’s well-liked status. “I’m not trying to process every player conversation I’ve ever had with that kind of magnitude, but with my history with Robbie and sharing a lot of experiences with him, professionally, I’d say it was one of the more difficult ones.” The move was a costly one, as Cano still had two years and about $37.6 million left on his contract. But the 39-year-old was off to a rough start in his first season back since serving a year-long suspension for his second positive test for performance-enhancing drugs. He had posted a slash line of .195/.233/.268 in 43 plate appearances across 12 games (11 starts), and the part-time second baseman/designated hitter had only been used as a pinch hitter once. Bench players Dominic Smith, J.D. Davis and Luis Guillorme each had minor league options remaining, or the Mets could have opted to cut Travis Jankowski, though the speedy fourth outfielder would have been exposed to waivers. Eppler said he presented various potential transactions to team president Sandy Alderson and then owner Steve Cohen, along with the recommendations of the front office and on-field staff. Cohen, Eppler said, simply told him to “Make the baseball decision.” That meant Cano being jettisoned, in addition to reliever Yoan Lopez being optioned to Triple-A Syracuse, to get the Mets down to 26. “Ultimately, we came to the point where it was Robbie because we weren’t going to have the plate appearances as we want to allocate them around and kind of utilize the whole bench,” Eppler said. “It was going to be a little irregular.” Showalter and Eppler both said they expect Cano to catch on with another team, an opinion that was echoed by two executives who spoke to The Post’s Jon Heyman. If he does not, Showalter said Eppler offered Cano the opportunity to go to Triple-A Syracuse and get at-bats there. Eppler also said he would welcome Cano back to the Mets organization “in a different capacity too, if he wants that.” For now, Cano’s agent and former Mets GM Brodie Van Wagenen — who brought the eight-time All-Star to Queens in a 2018 blockbuster with the Mariners — said that Cano still wants to play. “Given the right situation, he can still make a meaningful contribution for a team,” Van Wagenen told The Post’s Joel Sherman. “I don’t think it’s over for Robbie,” Showalter said. “He’s going to get an opportunity and he’s probably going to contribute. … But we gotta think about what’s right for the Mets right now.” As for how the players still in the Mets clubhouse would take the news of Cano’s departure, Showalter said he wanted to be cognizant of their feelings while also giving them their space to deal with it. Tough roster cuts happen every year at the end of spring training, but one like this was likely to hit differently, especially after this iteration of the Mets had already been through 23 games together. “Robbie’s a great player, a great competitor, great leader and one of my favorite players of all time,” Smith said. “So it’s definitely sad. … No matter who it had been, it would have sucked because this team was put together pretty specially and we feel like we had everything — and we still have everything that we need.” The Mets began life without Cano on Monday night against the Braves, and while Eppler believes he made the right baseball decision, that didn’t make Sunday night any easier. “He’s a tremendous baseball player,” Eppler said. “He’s got a big heart. He’s a good person. I’m sure he’s somebody that five years, 10 years from now I’m going to run into him [in the Dominican Republic] or run into him in Florida or New York or somewhere. We’ll continue to share in some good memories together. But [Sunday] night wasn’t one of them.”