Three major sports occupy Wednesday’s betting board, but which games are catching meaningful attention? The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Today’s report has identified one NBA side and two MLB totals as triggering a majority of the above signals. Without further delay, let’s dive in. The Suns bring a one-game series lead into tonight’s second game and the betting community is giving it the attention. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on hosts Phoenix, which has now won 10 in a row against the Mavericks. Additionally, big-money bettors are getting behind the Suns as well. As of this writing, Phoenix has received 58 percent of all spread bets against 76 percent of the total handle. Those percentages also trigger an Action Network PRO system in the Suns’ favor. The “Playoffs: More Money on Favorites” system, which looks for favorites with a positive percentage delta, has a 61 percent historical win rate and 19 percent return on investment. Just in the last five recommendations, that system is 4-1. PRO prediction: Phoenix Suns (-6)  The White Sox claimed the first game of this Windy City rivalry, but tonight bettors are looking to the total. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on an opening number of seven runs and has since ticked down to 6.5 at a few shops. Plus, big money bettors are similarly backing the under. At this writing, that side of the total has seen 41 percent of all bets but 50 percent of the total handle. Finally, there’s one Action Network PRO system supporting at under tonight. The “Weather: Wind Blowing In” system looks for games with a closing total between 6 and 11 and averaging wind speeds of between 5 and 35 mph. Overall, that system has a 56 percent historical win rate and a seven percent return on investment. PRO prediction: Under 7 Runs (-120) or Under 6.5 Runs (+104) Just like White Sox-Cubs, bettors are flocking to the under in Denver tonight, but in greater amounts. Not only has sharp action coming in on the under, which opened at 10.5 runs and has largely held steady at that number, but there’s a sizable percentage discrepancy in terms of big money bets. At this writing, the under has received only 40 percent of all bets, but 68 percent of the total handle. Plus, the same system that applies to White Sox-Cubs — Weather: Wind Blowing In — applies to Nationals-Rockies tonight to give the under three signals in its favor. PRO prediction: Under 10.5 Runs (-105)