If you love shopping, you probably get a rush when you have the chance to try out the latest and greatest items on the market — especially when a brand you already love drops a new product or line. Who doesn’t want to know about the trendy new Puma shoe or the latest edition of YETI coolers now available in vibrant yellow hues? With so many new products, brands and categories booming, it can be difficult to know to know which ones are worth your money. After all, you don’t want to drop your wallet on something that just doesn’t quite cut it. In an effort to help you dial down on the research and roundup the best product launches happening right now, the New York Post Commerce team scoured the web for all of the best new products across beauty, style, home and more. Chose a section below to shop this article by category: “There’s nothing like a little TLC — especially when it only sets you back $8,” said Ruby McAuliffe, New York Post commerce reporter. “This Mario Badescu rejuvenating body wash is coconut-infused and formulated with a skin conditioning blend of coconut fruit extract and jojoba seed oil. In other words, it’s amazing and you need to make it a part of your shower routine ASAP.” “Find your inner glow with a new beauty product from Alo,” said Sophie Cannon, New York Post commerce reporter. “The athleisure company also has an amazing beauty and wellness line, and so we think the 60-Second Detox and Glow Mask will be a hit, hitting shelves on April 25. It’s been a long time coming, too, as the last additions to the line were in December 2020 with the Enzyme Facial Cleanser, Luminizing Facial Moisturizer and Radiance Serum.” “Florence by mills, Millie Bobby Brown’s clean, vegan and cruelty-free beauty brand, launched a caffeinated skincare line and I am obsessed,” explained McAuliffe. “Score hydrating drops, a coffee glow mask, under eye gel pads and a delicious coffee lip scrub.” “Truthfully, Fenty Beauty’s Cookies N Clean Detox Clay Mask makes us love Rihanna way more than we already do,” said Victoria Giardina, New York Post commerce reporter. “Much like your favorite frozen frosty, this skincare detox mask is creamy, whipped and smooth — a formula that won’t clog pores, many thanks to whipped clay and charcoal helping to resurface your skin’s texture (genius!)” “This balm really is the bomb. Glossier is known for their cult-favorite perfume and skincare, but also for this all-in-one balm that can be used for chapped lips, dry cuticles and more,” said Cannon. “The new lavender scent is the first new permanent addition since the mango tube in 2019, so we know it will sell out fast. Plus, to honor the delicious smell, they are also releasing a new limited edition Embroidered Lavender Hoodie ($60) in a matching lavender purple color.” “If you’re a skincare buff like we are (or, just want to use the same products Olivia Jade exclusively told us she swears by), Dr. Barbara Sturm has that it-factor,” explained Giardina. “Its new Macrobiotic Collection contains a Gentle Cleansing Balm ($45), a Balancing Face Cream ($85) and more to provide teenagers with ‘an accessible regimen focused on cleansing, moisturizing and treating the skin,’ per the brand’s collection page.” “Globally renowned celebrity hairstylist Andrew Fitzsimons recently launched his Andrew Fitzsimons Haircare line, and I’m in love,” McAuliffe explained. “The collection includes four care ranges–Virgin Repair, Fantasy Curls, Body Volume, Prism Shine– formulated with an innovative protein-based complex that builds maximum strength from within strands by creating powerful hydrogen and ionic bonds inside the keratin hair structure to increase elasticity and flexibility. Oh, and each one smells amazing.” “If you’re a frequent New York Post Shopping reader, you know we love skincare,” said Giardina. “As one of our favorite brands for vitamin C serums and eye creams alike, Biossance recently launched a Squalane + Enzyme Sugar Body Scrub, the superstar ingredient squalane serving as your savvy skin-soother.” “LILYSILK’s latest summer collection is officially here, and it’s bright and colorful,” McAuliffe said. “The ‘Be The Sunshine’ collection is inspired by the ocean’s royal blue hues and sun-drenched colors from the nostalgic beaches. Look forward to feminine, flowy blouses to fun and flirty slip dresses.” “Sarah Flint has launched a limited-edition shoe and silk scarf capsule in collaboration with esteemed fifth-generation, family-owned wallpaper house Gracie Studio, who has been commissioned from A-list celebs to the White House. Find heels, flats and more.” McAuliffe shared. “Gather your girlfriends and hit the beach,” Cannon said. “Back again with a new collection of swimwear, Girlfriend Collective now offers 13 pieces, all of which are size-inclusive and range from a size XXS to a 6XL. They all come in five fun colors that are easy to mix and match, including black, dark green, sea blue, yellow and red. Like their other items, sustainability is at the core of the collection, and these suits are made with recycled fishing nets and waste recovered from the ocean — so your swim is as clean as your suit.” “The beloved brand’s latest drop? Its new Velocity NITRO 2 silhouette and fan favorite Deviate NITRO,” McAuliffe shared. “Both are built for comfort, infused with nitrogen gas, are responsive, cushioned and lightweight.” “Update your wardrobe with bright styles,” McAuliffe said. “Shop vibrant hues, gorgeous silks and florals, summer-friendly knits, matching sets and swimwear. You can even shop for your little one, too!” “The gorgeous jewelry brand Kendra Scott has expanded into a new category with its first-ever collection of watches,” said McAuliffe. “Choose from signature timepieces to detailed watch bands guaranteed to elevate your style.” “Pack the fire sauce and make sure to grab a crunch wrap for the road on your way to get the new Calpak and Taco Bell collection,” Cannon explained. “The collection includes hard shell luggage to match your hard shell taco, as well as fire accessories like cross-body bags.” “YETI’s unmatched cooling properties and built-to-last construction has always kept the brand at the top of my list,” McAuliffe said. “Now, the brand’s new yellow color sets it off the map. It’s bright, fun and perfect for all of your summer adventures.” “Béis is taking innovation to new levels with their new High Line collection, which is made up of 55% hemp,” McAuliffe explained. “There are five new lightweight, breathable styles available made to prevent bacterial growth and odors while being 100% biodegradable.” “Smile big, and don’t worry about stressing your facial muscles when you have Therabody’s newest device,” Cannon said. “The TheraFace PRO is the first facial muscle massage device from Therabody, modeled like one of their Theragun devices but smaller and more gentle. You can use the percussive therapy heads for a facial massage and sculpt session, or check out the LED Light Therapy Rings for red light, blue light and infrared light treatments.” “FUNBOY puts the trendy in pool floats,” Giardina said. “But now, you can be a Barbie Girl (“in a Barbie World…”) with the brand’s new Malibu Barbie Collection. To celebrate the warmer temps — and whipping out your outdoor patio furniture and outdoor pizza ovens — the collab features a cuter-than-ever Golf Cart Pool Float ($139), a Tube Float ($45) and even a Private Jet Float ($99) to give you that Mattel nostalgic feeling.” “In honor of Mental Health Awareness Month, Selena Gomez has partnered with Serendipity Brands, a premium line of desserts featuring Serendipity3 menu-inspired flavors, to raise awareness for mental health services and accessibility,” McAuliffe shared. “Simply purchase a pint of ice cream from Amazon or GoPuff and Serendipity Brands will donate $1 per pint to the Rare Impact Fund.” “Permanent vacation? Count us in,” Cannon said. “Even if you don’t have unlimited paid time off, pretend like you do with DJ Diplo, in his new collaboration with hard kombucha company JuneShine. The new Permanent Vacation flavor has coconut as a main flavor, along with orange, lime and cherry. It is a 21+ drink, with a 6% ABV, along with 5g sugar and 100% organic ingredients.” Check out New York Post Shopping for more recommendations.