No matter what occasion you’re shopping for, the man in your life deserves to be spoiled with an amazing and thoughtful gift. While there are plenty of great budget-friendly options on the market that many men would love, gifting is also a great time to splurge on some higher-end options. With graduation season upon us, it can be hard to find the perfect gift, but we’ve got you covered. Whether you’re shopping for your son, husband, boyfriend or another loved one, we’ve rounded up 40 different gift options that any man in your life is bound to enjoy — and perhaps you’ll reap the benefits, too. From luxurious tech recommendations like Sony headphones, to a fashionable gift like a Burberry tie to Facebook’s VR Oculus goggles, there’s a present for every type of guy. Looking for the best luxury gifts for women and kids, also? We have a guide for that, too! Whether he always has sore muscles from working out or just enjoys getting massages on the regular, this Theragun Mini is a great gift! It’s a mini muscle treatment device that allows you to stay relaxed on the go! The Peter Millar Flex Adapt Half-Zip Pullover makes for a great layering piece during the cold winter months and an awesome, lightweight jacket for the spring and summer. If he loves his cooler, then make sure he has the best of the best this year. The Yeti Tundra Haul Hard Cooler is as luxurious as it gets when it comes to coolers. It can hold up to 45 cans of beer, 55 pounds of ice and will keep your items chilled all day long. It also features sturdy wheels so it’s extra tough and great for beach days or tailgates. Weighted blankets have become popular over the years for their anxiety-reducing effects. Research has shown that sleeping under weight brings a better sleep overall — leaving you feeling rested and revitalized. Others have said that weighted blankets have even helped decrease their anxiety and stress. This one created by Casper is extra special since it’s made of nothing but biodegradable tree fabric that is naturally cooling, perfect for hot sleepers. If he loves his watch collection then he’ll totally appreciate a snazzy personalized travel roll organizer to bring his favorite accessories on the go. You can never have too many dress shoes. He’s sure to make an impression with this pick from Salvatore Ferragamo. Some prefer experiences, not more things. The MasterClass all-access pass is great for the man in your life who’s always eager to learn new things. They offer classes in a variety of different areas, including cooking, music, writing, sports, communication and more. This gift box includes six of the brand’s most popular merino wool, mid-calf dress socks — that will make him feel like a million bucks. What’s better than a sleek, new water bottle? A water bottle that cleans itself! The Larq self-cleaning water bottle may be on the pricier side, but it’s worth it if it means one less item to clean in the sink. It uses UV-C LED light to eliminate up to 99.9% of bio-contaminants from your water and bottle. The Portal Go by Facebook is a video calling device that allows you to connect with your friends and family through video chat (even if they don’t have a Portal themselves). It’s available in both white and black and has a 10-inch screen. If he’s still working from home then he’ll totally appreciate a new pair of good quality sweatpants. These joggers made by Rhone are soft, stretchy and have moisture-wicking material. If your guy hasn’t already cut the cord, consider buying them a pair of the new Apple AirPods Pro. They’re noise-canceling, can be customized to the size of their ear, connect easily to Bluetooth and have up to 4.5 hours of listening time. If your loved one adores flowers, gift them the best of the best: an arrangement from Venus Et Fleur. The brand is known for their gorgeous florals that last for 365 days or longer. Does he still love to play video games? — no judgment, so do we! — If so, the Nintendo Switch is an awesome gift. He can play this solo or connect it to his TV and play with friends, too. The new Apple Series 7 iWatch is a great gift for the guy who is always trying to make his health a priority. It can track fitness, sleep, blood oxygen and so much more. If the graduate in your life loves to ski or snowboard, then he’ll totally appreciate a blueprint of his favorite mountain, resort. Make sure he’s extra comfy in bed this summer with this luxurious sheet set from Brooklinen. It comes with one fitted sheet, one flat sheet and two pillowcases. You can choose between 13 different shades and colors and the sheets are available in twin, twin XL, full, queen, king and California king. Have him cook around the world without even stepping foot outside of his house! The Chef & The Dish is a company that offers virtual (luxury) cooking classes with International chefs around the globe. The Facebook Oculus Quest 2 goggles allow users to access VR (virtual reality) communities, play games and connect with their real-life friends through Facebook. Every many should have a scent. Consider gifting him this popular cologne from Tom Ford: Tobacco Vanille. This Samsung Jet Vacuum is a great gift for the guy who can’t stop cleaning his home (or needs to start)! If they love coffee, then this fancy Nespresso machine will be a great gift for the occasion. This set of four Baccarat glasses is the perfect gift for the guy who loves his alcohol of choice on the rocks! The Sony Noise-Canceling Headphones are a great option if they like more of an over-the-ear option. They’re an Amazon No. 1 bestseller and have over 32,000 positive reviews. These Sony headphones offer up to 30 hours of battery life and have a touch sensor to control pausing, playing and skipping various tracks. Calling all beer lovers! The Fizzics beer dispenser converts any beer’s natural carbonation into uniform-sized bubbles (called micro-foam) that are rich and creamy, to deliver an enhanced aroma and flavor of your favorite beers. It accommodates all cans and bottles, including bomber cans and up to 750 ml bottles, and any type of beer. An Apple TV HD is a great gift if they’re a big movie buff or enjoy spending their spare time binge-watching the latest shows. While there are many streaming devices on the market (for lower price points) the Apple TV has the most apps available of any streaming platform, including Netflix, Disney+, Hulu and more. Plus, if you’re an iPhone user, it enables AirPlay, which means you can wirelessly mirror your screen and share your content on the TV. This Garmin smartwatch is ideal for golfers, runners and any other athlete who likes recording their workouts. The best part? It’s currently discounted on Amazon! Splurge on your man this year and buy him this classic leather wallet from Tom Ford. It’s simple, sleek and will last him for many years to come. Does he love a good campfire? The BioLite fire pit is great because it produces an efficient burn with less smoke than traditional fire pits. It also functions as a hibachi-style grill. The high-tech fire pit uses an air injection system with 51 air jets to pump the fire with oxygen to create the perfect fire for up to 24 hours, depending on the burn level you choose. The BioLite is even tech-friendly. It includes a detachable power pack that you can recharge with a USB and you can control the fire pit via Bluetooth. If he considers himself a traveler, he’s probably been eager to get back to exploring the world. A great gift? A snazzy new suitcase like this one from Away! Check out our review on the brand here. If he’s really into fitness and can’t go to the gym as of late, have him bring a personal trainer right to his living room with Tempo. The at-home studio experience gives expert coaching on a variety of different exercises, offers dozens of classes and even comes with weights. Whether he considers himself a master chef or is afraid of the microwave, an air fryer is a great gift for all cooking levels. The Philips XL Air Fryer can not only fry but also grill, roast, bake and even reheat. If he enjoys hosting and listening to great tunes, consider buying him this luxurious Bose portable speaker. It’s durable, has Bluetooth and is ideal for both outdoor and indoor listening. A pair of dress pants that feel like sweatpants? We’re in! This foot massager will promote some R&R time for him in no time. Help him stay healthy with this nifty Breville fountain juicer. It can create up to eight ounces of juice in just five seconds. If he loves spending time in the kitchen and cooking all of his favorite recipes, consider gifting him a new set of cookware from Caraway. This set includes four non-stick pans that come in five different colors. The best part? The set is currently $100 off! Check out our review on the brand here. For the man that enjoys a cocktail after a long day — he’ll definitely appreciate a luxurious new bottle of his favorite alcohol. Don Julio 1942 is as fancy as it gets! He’ll never look snazzier with these fashionable Montblanc cufflinks. Not only do these loafers made by Rothy’s look snazzy but they’re machine washable and waterproof, too — making them great for a black-tie event, the boat and everything in between. For more gifting recommendations, check out the New York Post Shopping section.