The US Food and Drug Administration gave the green light Tuesday to a booster shot of Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine for children ages 5 to 11. In a statement, the FDA said healthy children in the target demographic can get a booster at least five months after their second dose of the vaccine. Booster shots could begin as early as Friday, reported NBC News. “While it has largely been the case that COVID-19 tends to be less severe in children than adults, the Omicron wave has seen more kids getting sick with the disease and being hospitalized, and children may also experience longer-term effects, even following initially mild disease,” said FDA Commissioner Robert Califf. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s scientific advisers are scheduled to meet Thursday to decide whether to formally recommend the booster for the 5-to-11 age group. Pfizer and its partner BioNTech make the only COVID-19 vaccine available for children of any age in the US. Those ages 5 to 11 receive one-third of the dose given to everyone 12 and older. For the 5- to 11-year-olds, it’s not clear how much demand there will be for boosters. Only about 30% of the 28 million kids in that age group have had the initial two Pfizer doses since vaccinations opened to them in November 2021. But Pfizer’s vaccine “is effective in helping to prevent the most severe consequences of COVID-19 in individuals 5 years of age and older,” said FDA vaccine chief Dr. Peter Marks. “A booster dose can help provide continued protection against COVID-19 in this and older age groups.” In a small study, Pfizer found a booster revved up those kids’ levels of virus-fighting antibodies — including those able to fight the super-contagious Omicron variant — the same kind of jump adults get from an extra shot. While the coronavirus is more dangerous to adults than to children, youngsters can get severely ill — and more than 350 children ages 5 to 11 have died since the start of the pandemic, according to CDC’s count. Adding to public confusion, the CDC estimates that 3 out of every 4 US children of all ages have been infected with the coronavirus since the pandemic’s start — many of them during the winter Omicron wave. Still, health authorities urge vaccination even in people who’ve previously had COVID-19, to strengthen their protection. With Post wires