Legendary Clemson football coach Dabo Swinney’s brother was arrested on child pornography charges recently. The South Carolina Attorney General’s office announced Thursday that Henry Ervil Swinney III was taken into custody alongside two other men on April 23 in a child sexual exploitation investigation. Swinney is accused of distributing child sex abuse material and is charged with sexual exploitation of a minor. Authorities were tipped off after a call from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children began an investigation. Henry Swinney allegedly shared and distributed the material through a “mega” file sharing link, per his arrest warrant. In 2016 Henry Swinney was charged with aggravated stalking after his estrange wife claimed he harassed and cyber-stalked her. Shortly after the news of his brother’s 2016 arrest broke, the Clemson coach condemned his brother after the arrest. “There’s consequences for your actions. If you don’t do the right things, you suffer the consequences. I’m no different from anybody else, my family’s no different than anybody else. I think the only sad thing is, it’s a story because he’s my brother. You know, if I was Joe Schmoe then you’re not asking me that question,” Dabo Swinney said, per WYFF. ‘But he’s almost 50 years old and one thing I learned a long time ago is you can’t change people. People have to want to change and do the right things. Unfortunately, he’s had a long history of not doing the right things. “But I love him, he’s my brother. There’s nothing I can do about it and I done everything I can to be a good brother and help him but that’s his life and those are decisions that he’s made.” Two years later in 2018, Henry Swinney pleaded guilty to first-degree domestic violence, court documents show. Dabo Swinney has been the head coach of the Tigers since 2008. During his tenure so far, he has led Clemson to national championships in 2017 and 2019. Dabo Swinney only trails Frank Howard for most wins by a head coach in school history. Clemson nor Dabo Swinney have publicly commented on Henry Swinney’s most recent arrest.