Andy Carroll’s fiancée wiped the former West Brom striker from her WhatsApp profile and replaced it with a snap of just their children over his “three-in-a-bed” bachelor party antics. Carroll and Billi Mucklow spent the weekend in crisis talks after she exploded in fury over revelations of the ex-England striker bare-chested and asleep on a Dubai hotel bed with two blondes. Pals said Billi, who fled their Essex home to stay with her parents on Saturday, was struggling to work out what to do. She is demanding Andy “hands over everything” in relation to the pictures in a bid to save their upcoming wedding plans. The heartbroken reality star now wants him to come clean about everything, however damning, in order to get closure on the incident. Billi wants to see the full set of images from the night in question to completely understand what has happened. “It’s the only way she can move on — however bad it is,” a friend said. Despite her fury, Billi has yet to cancel their planned wedding — with those close to her saying she is prepared to fight to keep her family together whatever it takes. Photos of the couple also remain on her Instagram page as of Monday. It comes days after Andy was photographed passed out in bed next to party girl Taylor Jane Wilkey. “Billi believed Andy and stood by him but now she doesn’t know what to think. She wants answers and they seem to be just going around in circles,” a source said. “Billi is very angry and her deleting Andy from her WhatsApp profile tells those who know her all they need to know. She is still sticking by him but it’s a very confusing and difficult time.”  Andy and Billi, both 33, are booked to get wed in two weeks after an eight-year engagement. He was in Dubai on his bachelor party last Wednesday when he invited fitness instructor Phoebe Robb, 26, and bar manager Taylor, 27, to his suite at the Fairmont Palm. Taylor told The Sun the pair had crashed out after spending 12 hours boozing with Andy. Billi stood by Andy after pictures of Taylor in bed with him were revealed in The Sun, with Taylor insisting the photographs were a joke and nothing sexual had happened. But after he arrived home on Saturday, he was quizzed by Billi over further pictures from the night. Andy, who was recently released from his contract with West Bromwich Albion, is lying low at the couple’s $6 million home. Former Towie star Billi went to stay with her parents, along with their three young children. She is also step-mum to Andy’s two kids from a previous relationship.