TULSA, Okla. — Justin Thomas, after shooting 67 in the PGA Championship opening round on Thursday, said he’d “sign up’’ for three more 67s the rest of the tournament. Thomas, in Friday’s second round at blustery Southern Hills, took care of one of those tasks, again posting a 3-under-par 67 to get to 6-under par, heading into the weekend three shots off leader Will Zalatoris. When Thomas, the 2017 PGA champion, finished his round he had a one-shot lead over Rory McIlroy, who’d taken the first-round lead at 5-under and was still a short time from teeing off for his second round. When Thomas won his lone major, the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow, he was five shots out of the lead through 36 holes. In the previous seven major championships played at Southern Hills the 36-hole leader has gone on to win every time. “I would hope that trend continues,’’ Thomas said. Thomas posting two more 67s to get to 12-under for the week would almost guarantee victory. “Still a long way, a long, long way home, but I’m very pleased with where I’m at,’’ Thomas said. Thomas originally took the outright lead on his final hole of the day, No. 18, which he birdied. It was one of five birdies he carded on Friday. Making Thomas’ performance the past two days even more impressive is the fact that he’s had the poor side of the draw, having played in the windiest conditions in the afternoon Thursday and in even windier conditions on Friday with gusts of some 40 miles per hour. “Very pleased,’’ Thomas said. “Although I played solid (Thursday), I played really, really well [Friday]. The conditions were obviously very difficult. I stayed very patient, tried to get in my own little world and get in a zone and just tried to execute each shot the best I could. I felt we did a great job of that and am glad to have a good round to show for it.” Thomas altered his usual routine of not playing in a tournament the week before a major and played in the AT&T Byron Nelson. “I just feel like last week got me in a little better routine and just preparation coming into this week,’’ Thomas said. “If I’m playing well, I hope and feel that I would still be able to shoot 67-67 coming off an off week. But it’s easy to say right now due to recency bias that it was a good decision.’’