Rep. Elise Stefanik is leaving her future plans open – including a potential 2024 campaign for vice president if ex-President Donald Trump opts to run again for his old job. “I don’t know what’s going to happen in the future,” Stefanik (R-North Country) said Tuesday when asked by The Post if she was ruling out a future veep run alongside Trump. The former president is reportedly eyeing Stefanik – who now ranks as the No. 3 Republican in the US House – as he considers his own political future. While leaving her options open, Stefanik is running for a fifth-term representing the North County as part of Republican efforts to win a House majority. “I have an election this November. That’s what I’m focused on. I have new parts of my district and as the House Republican conference chair, we’re going to work to earn this majority and that’s my focus,” Stefanik answered after an unrelated press conference in Albany. She added that she has not made a decision yet about whether she would pursue the position of majority whip if the GOP flips Congress this year. The Harvard graduate became a MAGA star after sticking up for Trump while he faced impeachment in 2019 after reportedly trying to leverage military aide for Ukraine for his own political advantage. She remained loyal to Trump after the Jan. 6 insurrection at the U.S. Capitol and his subsequent second impeachment, which has further endeared her to him. Trump later supported Stefanik’s rise to conference chair after Rep. Liz Cheney was ousted from the position for opposing Trump’s ongoing insistence that he won the 2020 election despite all the evidence to the contrary. “I want to congratulate Elise on her success. Man is she moving fast. That means at this rate she’ll be President in about 6 years,” Trump said of Stefanik in January. Stefanik declined to say whether she had discussed the possibility of a VP slot with Trump or his aides when asked by The Post Tuesday. “I’m not going to get into conversations I’ve had with the President. I am going to see him next week.” He is scheduled to host a fundraiser in her honor in Westchester next week.