We love classic fashion — from wide-leg pants to white dresses — and it’s not a secret that J.Crew is one of the best destinations for that timeless style. For a limited time, the retailer is dishing up to 40% off its spring top picks for both men and women. It’s the smorgasbord we’ve been waiting for, with markdowns on tops, pants, shoes and more. If you’re looking for fabulous swimwear to ring in summer, you’re in luck. Think of J.Crew as your vacation fairy godmother preparing you with those cutting-edge classics with a coastal lean. Or, perhaps you’re seeking out comfortable shoes. From nude heels to colorful flip-flops, J.Crew is calling your name. If you’re shopping for kids, you’re in luck — J.Crew is also hosting up to 40% off its kids’ selections. Ahead, shop our 12 favorite pieces from J.Crew’s Spring Sale. And hurry, these styles are sure to be gone in a jiffy. Click to jump to a specific sale: For all men’s styles on sale, check out the J.Crew website here. You can’t beat a classic denim chambray shirt. To instantly elevate your outfit, pick up this top-quality button-down for less than $75 right now. Whether the sleeves are rolled up or left down, it’ll be a handsome look regardless. Ah, the tried-and-true men’s chinos. As one of our favorite dress pants, J.Crew’s 484 Slim-Fit style come in a few different hues and look snazzy with any leather dress shoes. Specifically, this mustard color is great for the warmer temps. Great for all-year-round wear, J.Crew’s Broken-In Organic Cotton Oxford Shirt looks likes it’s upwards of $200 — but it’s not. For $63 right now, we can’t stop looking at the royal blue, red and aqua pattern (not to mention, how snug it fits). We’ve never seen a more beautiful pair of men’s shoes. These dock-inspired leather slip-ons not only make a great gift (ahem, Father’s Day) but they’re great to wear with some men’s shorts we rounded up and a crisp T-shirt. Speaking of shorts, you can’t skip out on J.Crew’s Pleated 7.5″ Chinos. Available in different colors, we think it’s something worth picking up ASAP during this spring sale (after all, it’s difficult to leave this sleek navy pair untouched). If there’s anything to pick up during J.Crew’s Spring Sale, it’s the Stretch 6″ Swim Trunk. We’re floored that (1) the water-ready bottoms are just $43 and (2) the colors and prints are both on-trend yet timeless for years of good use. For all women’s styles on sale, check out the J.Crew website here. J.Crew’s Cross-Back Underwire Bikini Top is just $50 right now (not to mention, picking up both the top and bottoms would be less than $100!) and its underwire-cup support makes any bust size look flattering. Paired with a sarong (now $20) and the entire look is divine. Here’s the scoop — New York Post readers love a good white dress (and we do, too, especially one that’s on sale). Also available in other shades, J.Crew’s Squareneck Gauze Dress is just what your wardrobe needs to ring in summer. Say hello to colorful flip-flops! As some of the most comfortable we’ve seen (and durable, much ado to its leather make), it’s wrong to let this now-$50 pair be excluded from your shopping cart. Plus, there are so many colors to choose from. Introducing J.Crew’s new shorts that have “beach” written all over them. This purple and orange print is one of our favorites — tapping into the massively followed Lily Pulitzer style — and we can’t believe they’re just $40. Exercise dresses are all the rage, but they can cost a pretty penny if snagging them for full price. Now, for just $65, J.Crew’s popular CloudStretch Half-Zip Sports Dress is just waiting for you to play tennis in or go hiking with. Not to mention, this baby blue is warm weather-ready. We’re all heart-eyes for J.Crew’s Montauk Sling Backpack. The canister-style carry-all has a drawstring closure, making it roomy for all your essentials (you know, your Kindle, wireless earbuds and more). Oh, and we love the minimalist cream and black look. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.