Newly released video shows four brazen thieves use a sledgehammer to smash a Yonkers jewelry store window – then steal an estimated $100,000 worth of merchandise. The broad daylight snatch-and-grab at Golden Square Jewelry on South Broadway happened Thursday at 5:20 p.m., sparking a brief car chase and manhunt that ended with three of the thieves in cuffs, cops said. The short surveillance video shows one man in a hoodie, mask and gloves forcefully swing a crowbar at the store window three times before three other similarly dressed men run up – one who swings a sledgehammer. The glass shatters but mostly stays intact and the thieves reach in through holes to take as much gold and jewelry from the display as they can before running off. One of the suspects begins to leave then comes back for seconds as his accomplices continue to loot the store, the video shows. A store worker runs to the street, picks up the discarded sledgehammer and runs after the group, the video shows. Afterwards, the four men – all Bronx residents – fled in an SUV and took police on a brief chase before crashing on residential Marshall Road, police said. The occupants then ran off on foot with cops in pursuit. Two men were quickly arrested and a third picked up hiding in the woods near the Saw Mill River Parkway, Yonkers police said. The fourth suspect was identified but is still at large, according to cops. Nyken Alston, 21, Alfred Long, 35, were charged with felony robbery, grand larceny and burglary and were scheduled to be arraigned on Friday. Alston gave cops a fake name in an apparent effort to hide that he had a bench warrant out of New York City for an attempted murder charge in 2019, police said. The third suspect, Alexander Wilson, 21, had yet to be charged and was hospitalized with injuries from the SUV crash, according to authorities. Mayor Mike Spano thanked the officers for the quick arrests. “Let it be a clear, direct message to any and all criminals who think they can undermine our city — we will find you and ensure you are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law so not to terrorize our residents and businesses,” Spano said in a statement.