There’s no busier social time than summer. From festivals to beach days to barbecues with the crew, the warm weather makes it an ideal time to get together and go have fun. And though it’s great to get outside and get some fresh air and vitamin D, that usually means we’re nowhere near an electrical outlet for hours at a time. If your smartphone battery isn’t as long-lasting as it used to be, that also makes this season the perfect time to enlist some backup. An external battery is a great thing to have in a pinch. It’s easy to take along anywhere and ensures you’re never without a way to power up your battery. Everyone could use one of these handy gadgets that gives you a place to charge anything anywhere, and right now the Extreme Boost 20,000mAh Back Up Battery is available in silver, black or rose gold for just $32.99 — 63% off the usual price. You’ll wonder how you ever lived without an external battery once you invest in the Extreme Boost. This back up battery is the perfect item to throw in your bag before heading to a concert, a conference, an amusement park, or even a bar, letting you up your battery and prevent being stranded somewhere without a phone (or juul!) charge. This four port power bank has four USB ports and a massive 20,000mAh capacity to power up not only your smartphone, but up to your items of your tech collection at a time and keep everything running smoothly. The Smart Charge Technology automatically adjusts charging speed to your device, and it also comes equipped with overcharge, overcurrent, and short circuit protection, so you can also power up safely. An LED charge indicator also lets you monitor the charging process. Happy customer Kirk raved about this back up battery, sharing, “The available power is awesome, appears to quickly power up my iPhone… more so than my previous one.” And Brandy noted another great use, writing, “Bought this as a gift for my son who is a gamer. He loves it and uses it often to keep his phone charged when electricity is not available.” Stay charged up all summer long and beyond with the Extreme Boost 20,000mAh Back Up Battery in silver, black or rose gold for just $32.99. Prices subject to change.