It took 37 years for Kate Bush to hit No. 1. The ’80s art-pop star’s iconic hit single “Running Up That Hill” is currently the most-streamed song on iTunes thanks to its being prominently featured in the first episode of the new “Stranger Things” season. In the show, the track is used to underscore the storyline of Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) as she struggles to reconcile the complicated death of her brother, Billy, who was possessed by an evil force during Season 3. The ’80s-inspired horror series just dropped it’s highly-anticipated fourth season on Netflix over the holiday weekend. The premiere of Season 4 sees an angsty Max listening to the British musician on her portable cassette player as she avoids her concerned friends and counselors in the halls of Hawkins High School. Following its 1985 debut, “Running Up That Hill” peaked at No. 3 on UK charts, while in the US it made the Billboard 200’s Top 40. The hit was the first single released off of Bush’s “Hounds of Love” album, which came out the same year. Both the single and the album garnered widespread critical acclaim at the time, with “Hounds of Love” since being named among the greatest records of all time by a slew of music critics including those at Rolling Stone and Pitchfork. A 2012 remix of “Running Up That Hill” reached No. 6 on the UK Singles Chart while also making the cut for the soundtrack of that year’s Summer Olympics closing ceremony. Bush, 63, has remained active through the decades, releasing her most recent album, “50 Words For Snow,” in 2011. In 2014, she put on nightly performances at the Hammersmith Apollo in London over the course of a 22-day residency at the venue. The prog-rocker and acclaimed modern dancer has thrice been nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, with her latest nod arriving this year. Bush isn’t the first performer to enjoy a belated boost thanks to Netflix thriller, which is known for heavily leaning into its circa-1980s suburban setting. The theme song from 1984 fantasy flick “NeverEnding Story,” for instance, could be heard across multiple episodes of Season 3. English singer Limahl, now 63, who recorded the Giorgio Moroder-composed single, told Entertainment Weekly at the time that he “was very touched” to see its inclusion on “Stranger Things.” “I didn’t know the show was so big, obviously I’m going to watch it now. This song seems to have gotten everybody really excited,” he said.