New York Post readers can get their hands on a load of great betting offers and promotions ahead of The PGA Championship 2022 at Southern Hills in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Check out how to claim, and get involved in the action.  World number one Scottie Scheffler sits on top of the board ahead of the 2022 PGA Championship. Three time major winner Jordan Spieth is the man in form after two tour wins, with Jon Rahm in the mix, as always. Odds courtesy of BetMGM. Correct at time of publishing and subject to change. A fantastic risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000 is available to new customers. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, new customers can take advantage of this amazing offer. This means that if your wager wins, you keep all of the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM. Bettors new to Caesars Sportsbook will be able to take advantage of bet insurance on your first PGA Championships wager, up to a value of $1,100. All you have to do is follow the link above, and use the promo code NPBONUSCZR in order to claim. When it comes to risk-free bet offers, Caesars’ offer is certainly one of the best, with a very generous offer getting your new sportsbook account off to a great start. You will not find a higher sum anywhere else in New York.  The FanDuel new customer promo code allows new customers to claim a risk-free first bet up to $,1000. With this offer, there are also no minimum odds for your first bet, or any wagering requirements for any winnings associated with your free bets. If your first bet is a winner, you can withdraw those winning funds straight away. If your first bet loses, you will be refunded the entire stake in free bets. By using the PointsBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get up to $2,000 in risk free bets. These come in the form of two different bets, with one risk free $500 fixed-odds bet, the regular way of betting. The other is a risk-free bet up to $1,500 on PointsBetting bets. For those unfamiliar to PointsBetting, it’s a brand-new way to bet that was first introduced by PointsBet themselves. Plain and simple, using the BetRivers Sportsbook promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get a first deposit match up to $250. BetRivers sign up offer is one of the easiest to claim, and with a healthy amount of free bets to play with, this gives new customers the best way to get involved in the PGA Championship 2022. By using the WynnBet promo code whilst creating your new sportsbook account, you can get $200 in free bets. Fancy Scottie Scheffler to win it all? Or Tiger Woods to finish in the top 10? Wager $10 on the PGA Championship at odds of -120 or greater, and you’ll receive $200 in free bets! 