A Louisiana college is mourning the death of a freshman cheerleader found dead after she posted a lengthy “suicide” note on social media. Arlana Miller, 19, who attended Southern University and A&M College in Baton Rouge, penned a heartbreaking Instagram post prior to being found dead late Wednesday. Screenshots of Miller’s troubling final post circulating online showed she had struggled in her classes at the historically black college where she majored in agriculture. “I have been surrounded by people who may have honestly thought that I was okay, but I [haven’t] been okay for a while,” Miller wrote. “I struggled so much through just this year alone … to the people in my life I pray you learn to vocalize your feelings and get help always!!!” Miller said she “failed” at following her own advice while thanking her mother. “I pray you know I’m at rest now!” Miller’s post continued. “You would’ve given everything to see me happy …. I’m happy in the water whee everything is still and peaceful. I have written so many suicide notes in my life but finally, I’ve reached my end.” Miller said she knew she was about to let her loved ones down with her actions, but said her pain seemed “unbearable” to overcome. “I’ve been dead inside for too long,” the post continued. “I’m done fighting. My battle is over and I pray everyone finds peace in that.” Miller’s final post was no longer available on her profile Friday. The account features several photos of the Texas native in her college cheerleading uniform. The school’s athletic director said the department was notified of Miller’s social media post, which led to the “unfortunate announcement” on Thursday. The university’s president-chancellor, Ray Belton, also acknowledged Miller’s death in a statement. “We offer our sincerest prayers and condolences to her family, classmates, teammates and all who knew and loved her,” Belton said Thursday. Grief counselors were made available to students in the aftermath of Miller’s death, Belton said. Cheerleaders and other student-athletes also received counseling on the night of Miller’s death, a school spokeswoman told The Post. The spokeswoman referred inquiries regarding Miller’s cause of death to the West Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Office, which did not return a message seeking comment. An inquiry seeking the cause and manner of Miller’s death from the West Baton Rouge Parish Medical Examiner & Coroner was also not immediately returned Friday. If you or someone you know is affected by any of the issues raised in this story, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255) or text Crisis Text Line at 741741.