If you’re keen on Pinterest scrolling, you know that paperbag shorts and pants aren’t just a trend — they’re a sneaky, genius way to make any outfit cuter (and more comfortable). Paired with your favorite bodysuit and nude heels, these fun bottoms are the summertime essential that’ll up your look in the best way possible (much like your best cocktail dress or jumpsuit would). We’re beyond excited to bring you one of the hottest summertime edits yet: the best paperbag shorts and pants for 2022. With top selects ranging from Amazon to Revolve, we want to add just about every pair to our carts. Ahead, find the 20 top styles we’re loving, adding to our wishlists and sharing with our inner circles. They’ll keep you comfortable, stylish and on-trend all summer long. To shop this article by section, simple click on each link below: Starting off with one of the most-loved paperbag shorts to date: the classic bow-tie denim. The pair instantly enhances your plain ol’ cutoffs, too, and we love how this adorable grab is just $30 on Amazon. For a seamless, put-together outfit, complete the look with BB Dakota by Steve Madden’s Seaside Cinch Short. We adore how they’re a bit longer than most — great for all-day comfort — and how this match-all comfort looks great with white sneakers or comfy heels alike. If you’re looking for a subtle pop of color to stray away from the classic-yet-frequently worn beige, this sage green color on Lulus’ Jemima Paperbag-Waist Shorts is waitlist-inducing. We love the petite bow, too, giving this pair a precious feel. A personal favorite, Princess Polly’s Open Road Denim Paperbag Shorts are extremely versatile to wear (cuff them off or wear them with a frayed hem for a bit of edge) and have lasted us for years. Please, drop $46 on these — and thank us later. Adorable and sailor-inspired, SHEIN’s Striped Belted Paperbag Shorts are just $12 and give off all the summer feels. With a white crop top and your best pair of sandals, you’ll be unstoppable. New from Topshop, its Paperbag Waist Faux Leather Jogger Shorts are the perfect balance of loungewear and upscale wear. With a designer clutch (or some running shoes!) the look will be serving some serious streetwear looks. We don’t like to choose favorites, but Ba&sh’s Joa Shorts come close. With your favorite ornate belt, this scallop-waist shorts in this creamy nude color are a sight to see styled. Though a splurge, its high-quality fit makes it worth it. Hello, neon! We love Alice + Olivia’s Steffie Seamed Paperbag Shorts for that punchy pop that’s defines the summer months. Plus, it looks like you put in so much more effort into your overall outfit than you actually did. Classic, cute and comfortable, there’s no other pair quite like LOFT’s Paperbag Shorts. The $50 grab comes in a few different shades, but this coral color — especially with a floral, dainty top — is our first choice. Leather paperbag shorts are in, and we’re over the moon about it. Lovers and Friends’ Zeal Leather Shorts are some of the best we sought out, with its slightly contoured hem and exaggerated bow detail. They hint at a bit of edge but are still super girly. How adorable are SweatyRocks’ Elastic Waist Paperbag Shorts? They come in several different variations but we couldn’t resist featuring this green and white-striped design with the cutest brown button detailing known to man. For just $14, it’s time to give them a buy. Speaking of green, this muted tone in a gingham print is irresistible. They’re perfect for picnics (perhaps with the best picnic baskets and essentials we rounded up) and are easy-breezy to wear. Let’s talk about pleats, baby. These bold red bottoms look great with the actual red bottoms (Louboutins, that is) and we love how airy they fit. Plus, the pair is less than $50. This summer, we’re all about the blush. Pick up this high-waisted pair that’s sure to be your go-to for years to come. They’re polished, pretty in pink and able to be dressed up with your favorite blazer for a more professional look. Now, these are pink shorts! Lovers and Friends’ Kerry Shorts are the ultimate trend-setter, offering a lightweight and feminine-minded fit. Though a splurge, they’ll be in your wardrobe for years of outdoor parties and evening dinners with friends. As an Amazon best-seller, SySea’s High-Waisted Palazzo Pants are just $35 and ready for you to buy them in practically every color you can think of. Either for brunch or for work, they’ll serve you well. Similarly, BCBGeneration’s Woven Tie Waist Pant are some of the cutest to style, especially with a pair of black heels and a black bodysuit. Conveniently, they’re less than $100, too. Sporty or chic? With Lulus’ Trend Alert Belted High-Waisted Wide-Leg Pants, you get both (which we’re not complaining about). With slight pleating and that adorable bow-tie waist we know and love, there’s no surprise the brand falls into one of our favorites for wide-leg pants. Let’s be real — leather pants are having a moment. So, we’re letting that moment ride. Available in that cult-favorite brown and tried-and-true black, we’re thrilled Lucy Paris’ quality pair is just shy of $100 (and look super cute, too). LOFT has some of the most amazing fashion finds, and its paperbag pants are no exception. Pick up its now-on-sale pair, available in different colors, to wear to work or out on the town. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.