KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The scorching Yankees have dispatched with the JV portion of the schedule for now and head north of the border for another battle with the Blue Jays. After Sunday’s 6-4 win over the Royals, no team in the majors has a better record than the Yankees. “I know in years past, we kind of scuffled out of the gates in April and then all we’re trying to do is climb back and fight back,’’ Aaron Judge said. “Getting an early lead like this, we’ll try to maintain and grow it through the year is gonna be big for us — especially with the type of team we have and the division we’re in.” They’ve won nine straight games — and 11 of their last 12 — and the Royals became the third consecutive team the Yankees swept. All of that is impressive, but the Yankees figure to get a stiffer test starting Monday in Toronto, when they open a three-game series against the second-place Blue Jays. The Yankees have a 1 ½-game lead on Toronto. Given how they came away with their latest victory in a game in which they fell behind by three runs, you can doubt the Yankees at your own peril. After Luis Severino faltered in the third inning and gave up three runs and a Josh Donaldson error allowed Kansas City to add an unearned run in the fourth, the Yankees made their way back into the game not with offensive firepower, but inch-by-inch. They scored a pair of runs in the fifth with run-scoring hits by Isiah Kiner-Falefa and DJ LeMahieu and took the lead in the seventh with two more runs, this time without a hit. Against Dylan Coleman, Kiner-Falefa fouled off six-straight two-strike pitches before drawing a leadoff walk, which Boone said “sparked” the comeback. Anthony Rizzo — pinch hitting for Kyle Higashioka — was hit by a pitch. LeMahieu then battled back from an 0-2 count to walk and load the bases for Judge against Scott Barlow. Judge, who homered twice, nubbed a check-swing dribbler for the first out that allowed Kiner-Falefa to score and tie the game. Donaldson grounded to short with the infield in, but Rizzo beat Nicky Lopez’s throw home to give the Yankees their first lead. Lucas Luetge entered the game in the seventh and after consecutive singles to start the inning, struck out Andrew Benintendi for the first out. The nearly unhittable Michael King then came in and got Salvador Perez to ground into a double play to preserve the one-run lead. Judge, who got the Yankees on the board with a mammoth, 453-foot homer in the first inning, provided an insurance run with another shot in the ninth, his eighth home run of the season. Severino had no issues until Michael A. Taylor opened the bottom of the third with a homer to tie the game. The Royals loaded the bases and scored twice more in an inning in which Severino had to throw 30 pitches to get through. “That’s a game that could easily get away from you,” Boone said. “Credit to [Severino]. He battled for five innings and we made it tough on them and grinded our way back in that game.” Severino remained in the game and gave up just an unearned run in two more innings before Miguel Andujar started the comeback with one out in the fifth with his first hit of the season. Andujar — sent down after the game — scored when Kiner-Falefa followed with a double to left. LeMahieu drove in a run with a two-out single to left that drove in Kiner-Falefa. After Severino left after the fifth, Clarke Schmidt, Luetge and King combined for three scoreless innings before Aroldis Chapman closed it for the save to put the Yankees in excellent position for the series in Toronto. “They’re a really good team off to a good start,” Boone said of the Blue Jays. “They’re a team I’m sure we’re gonna have to battle all year if we want to get to where we want to go.”