Spending $35 million of taxpayers’ money to aid abortion providers if Roe v. Wade is struck down is irresponsible (“Hochul’s Perverse Priority,” Editorial, May 12) But if Gov. Hochul insists on doing it, then why not divert this money from the $850 million in taxpayer dough that she plans to spend on a new stadium for the Buffalo Bills? That still leaves some $815 million in tax dollars for the extravagant gift to her hometown. Richard Reif Kew Gardens Hills So Hochul wants New York’s taxpaying citizens to fund up to $35 million to pay for any woman who wants an abortion to get one. She may come to New York from anywhere, citizen or not, and we will pay all her expenses, including the procedure, travel, housing and meals. Whatever happened to accountability and “pay your fair share” — that phrase politicians like to throw around? Jim Grant Massapequa Inflation is skyrocketing, gas prices are out of control, yet the Democratic politicians have the audacity to propose paying for any women’s abortion regardless of where they live or whatever their citizenship. It’s ridiculous and getting worse daily. If they have that much extra taxpayer money, they should start cutting tolls or reducing taxes. Robert Leavy Middle Village If taxpayers needed one more reason to pack up and leave New York, Democratic Assemblywoman Jessica González-Rojas and state Sen. Cordell Cleare just called U-Haul for them (“NY bill would fund migrant abortions,” May 10). They are the co-conspirators — I mean co-sponsors — of a bill forcing New York taxpayers to pay for out-of-staters and illegal aliens to get abortions in New York. New Yorkers would also be forced to reimburse them for their trip expenses and lost wages. Listen up, Gov. Hochul: The next sound you hear will be the backup beeps of 10,000 moving vans. Jack Kaufman Naples, Fla. Assemblywoman González-Rojas, and others of her ilk want New York to become the abortion capital of America. Progressives like González-Rojas can’t do enough for illegal migrants, but give little thought to their own constituents. It’s time to vote out these virtue-signaling progressives, and seek candidates who will address issues like crime and inflation. Robert Mangi Westbury It is disheartening yet not at all surprising to hear the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled 3-2 in favor of granting parole to Sundiata Acoli, who murdered New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster in 1973. (“NJ cop-killer ordered freed,” May 12). Acoli is 85 and diagnosed with dementia, but his association with fellow cop-killer Joanne Chesimard alone should keep him jailed for the rest of his miserable life. Joseph Schulok The Bronx I don’t care what age this miscreant is. Foerster’s family grew up without their son, husband and father because of Acoli’s blatant disregard for life. New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy is correct in calling for this guy to basically rot in jail for whatever time he has left. For those screaming for compassion: Where was Acoli’s compassion on that day when he murdered that trooper? Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.