People need DIY tanning injections like they need another hole in their, well, butt. Danielle Trevarthen was left with a gaping wound in her left buttock after a misguided home glow-up session left her infected with a ravenous flesh-eating bacteria. “My body took an absolute battering from it all,” Trevarthen, 26, told Jam Press of the freak complication, which forced the UK woman to spend three weeks in the hospital fighting the infection and suffering five seizures. The fiasco occurred after her boyfriend gave her a shot, admittedly upon her request, of a controversial tanning injection to fill a gap in her complexion. The Cornwall resident’s friend had gifted her with the special needle, which, when injected, is intended to darken skin by simulating a melanin-making hormone, thereby giving its recipient a coppery countenance. “A few days went by and I couldn’t sit on my left buttock. It was painful, red and just looked angry,” the shocked suntan lover — and ambulance dispatch operator — said. “I kept an eye on it and after about a week it turned into an abscess.” The treatment is currently banned across the UK as it can lead to skin cancer among other ailments. “I remember I felt sick almost immediately after using it but I thought it was probably normal,” she said. However, Trevarthen realized something was awry a week later, when she developed a five-inch hole in her left buttock. The freaked out faux-tanner reported to the hospital after she experienced trouble breathing, whereupon doctors prescribed her a course of antibiotics and painkillers. However, this did nothing to diminish the dent in her derriere, which continued to snowball out of control. “I was going to the doctors but nothing was killing it,” continued Trevarthen. “The infection was living off of my skin and getting bigger and deeper.” And unfortunately, the bum hole was just the tip of the iceberg. “It was a week after going to the doctor’s that I had the first seizure,” Trevarthen said. “I went in as usual feeling sick with a high temperature, and as I left I went to the toilet to be sick but I collapsed and had a seizure on the doctor’s floor.” She continued, “I had another three seizures before the ambulance arrived. I was petrified.” The “petrified” patient was subsequently rushed to the hospital, where doctors shoved breathing tubes down her throat because her tightening airways prevented her from respiring on her own. Miraculously, Trevarthen was able to be discharged after three weeks, Jam Press reported. She has since made a full recovery from the un-hole-y infection. I’m just glad I’m healed and better now,” said the sham beauty product survivor who purportedly still has “flashbacks about how one tanning injection can cause so many issues.”  She also still sports a long scar on her butt five years after ordeal. Trevarthen — who proudly steers clear of the “sun-kissed look” and religiously uses SPF cream these days — is now using the horrific incident to warn fellow fake-bakers about the perils of DIY tanning injections. “I can’t stress enough how dangerous buying things online are, especially when they don’t come with instructions,” she told NeedToKnow.com. “Now if I want a tan, it’s a fake tan lotion or a [ton] of sun lotion for a natural tan.” This isn’t the first time this off-brand skin-bronzing measure has backfired something awful. In January, a 28-year-old tan-skin aspirant claimed that similar injections left him with the dry, sun-spotted skin of a 60-year-old.