Ray Liotta’s fiancée Jacy Nittolo wrote an emotional tribute to the late “Goodfellas” actor, who died Thursday at 67, expressing her “deep love.” “My life these past couple of years have been nothing but truly magical,” Nittolo, 47, wrote. “Ray and I share a deep love that I will cherish in my heart forever. We laughed daily and we were inseparable. The chemistry was wild in the best way.” The moving post also included photos of the couple kissing, posing on the beach, traveling and cooking in the kitchen before Liotta died in his sleep Thursday while on location for a film, “Dangerous Waters.” “He was everything in the world to me and we couldn’t get enough of each other,” she continued. “The kind of real love that one dreams of. He was the most beautiful person inside and out that I’ve ever known…and even that is an understatement.” “The Field of Dreams” star announced he asked Nittolo to marry him on Instagram in December 2020. “Christmas wishes do come true,” he wrote at the time. “I asked the love of my life to marry me, and thank God she said yes!!!” Liotta said he was set up with Nittolo thanks to his 23-year-old daughter Karsen Liotta, from ex-wife ​​Michelle Grace. During an appearance on “Live With Kelly and Ryan” in 2021, Liotta said his daughter thought Nittolo to be a “perfect” match for him after they met at a party. Nittolo was with Liotta in the Dominican Republic, where he was filming “Dangerous Waters.” The couple was photographed holding hands in California just days before the “Shades of Blue” actor’s death. The actor’s “Goodfellas” co-star Robert De Niro told The Post that he was “very saddened to learn of Ray’s passing. He is way too young to have left us. May he Rest in Peace.” Acclaimed director Martin Scorsese also remembered his pal and “Goodfellas” star Liotta following his untimely death. The “Gangs of New York” filmmaker, 79, shared a touching statement on Thursday: “I’m absolutely shocked and devastated by the sudden, unexpected death of Ray Liotta. He was so uniquely gifted, so adventurous, so courageous as an actor.” “Playing Henry Hill in ‘Goodfellas’ was a tall order, because the character had so many different facets, so many complicated layers, and Ray was in almost every scene of a long, tough shoot,” he continued. “He absolutely amazed me, and I’ll always be proud of the work we did together on that picture. My heart goes out to his loved ones, and it aches for his loss, way too early.”