She’s unapologetically plastic fantastic. A self-confessed “bimbo” has revealed she’s spent more than $50,000 on cosmetic procedures — even though she was a “natural beauty” growing up. Jennafer Lee, 33, told Jam Press that she’s always been good-looking but now gets “great pleasure out of being a blonde bimbo sex object.” “I was never unhappy with my appearance,” Lee declared, adding, “I am a natural beauty and, if anything, how I have changed my appearance has actually made me less attractive.” Lee — who now has platinum blonde locks — grew up as a brunette, with boys allegedly fighting for her affection in school. “I loved that boys fancied me and I got a lot of attention,” the tattoo artist and OnlyFans star asserted. But despite her God-given beauty, Lee longed for a more artificial appearance, insisting that a Barbie-style look was a much better match for her personality. “My personality is naturally ditsy and bubbly and sexual, so when looking any other way, I never felt my personality matched my outward appearance,” she explained. Over the past decade, Lee has been making drastic  — and expensive — changes to her body. “It costs a lot to look this cheap!” she cheekily declared while tallying up the cost of her procedures. About four years ago, Lee went under the knife to get breast implants after saving up money made from her OnlyFans work. “As soon as I came around, disoriented from the anesthesia, I looked down and said, ‘No, they’re not big enough!’” Lee exclaimed. “I went back to see my surgeon every month until he agreed to give me 1050cc round … the biggest silicone implants they do!” The two surgeries set her back close to $15,000. Meanwhile, Lee said she’s spent around $4,000 each year for the past decade on hair dye, Botox and filler. Despite the expense, she has no plans to slow down, saying she “would like butt fillers, a lip lift, a brow lift, lipo and bigger boobs. “I don’t think the surgeries will ever stop as soon as one thing is perfected; I will always move on to something else,” Lee declared. “I am an ever-perfecting trophy bimbo!” Lee admitted her family isn’t thrilled by her overtly artificial experience because they believed she was “naturally beautiful before.” However, strangers on the street are awed by the “bimbo” bombshell. “I get a lot of stares, whether because of my bright blonde hair, my tattoos, the way I dress, my 7-inch stripper heels, my big lips or my huge, fake t–ts!” Lee excitedly declared. “People love to look and I love to allow them,” she added. “I am proud to be the way I am and I love that it intrigues people.”