TULSA, Okla. — This did not look like a fitter, stronger Tiger Woods with more stamina than he had at the Masters last month. Woods on Thursday wilted in the opening round of the 104th PGA Championship at Southern Hills after a terrific start. He was 2-under on his opening five holes with birdies on No. 10 (he began his round on the back) and No. 14 and then gave it all back and more by shooting 6-over on his final 13 holes. The result was a 4-over 74 that left him nine shots out of the lead, held by his playing partner Rory McIlroy, who shot 65. This despite the advantage of a morning tee time with calmer scoring conditions. Woods, 46 and still recovering from his horrific SUV crash in February 2021, entered the week believing he was going to be stronger with more stamina this week compared to his tie for 47th at Augusta. Yet, he was visibly laboring as the round progressed and later admitted that his surgically repaired right leg “is not feeling as good as I would like it to be,’’ at times wincing after taking swings. The birdie on No. 10 felt like perhaps a portent for good things. When Woods won the 2007 PGA Championship at Southern Hills, he also started his opening round on the back nine and birdied 10. It was never to be, though. The 74 was Woods’ highest PGA Championship score since a 75 to open the 2015 PGA at Whistling Straits. Woods’ round began to come apart when he bogeyed Nos. 15, 18, 1 and 2. “It was a frustrating day,’’ Woods said. “I got off to a great start and didn’t keep it going. I really didn’t give myself any looks for birdie. I was struggling trying to get the ball on the green and I missed quite a few iron shots both ways. “I did not hit a lot of good iron shots. I drove it well, but my iron shots were not very good. I didn’t get the ball very close.’’ Woods also had issues out of the bunkers, blowing one greenside bunker shot past the pin, over the green and into the rough on the fourth hole and later hitting another sand shot way past the hole. “All the bunker shots sort of came out hot,’’ Woods said. “The sand is a lot faster than I thought it would be. [It’s] kind of been that way all week, especially if you get up in the areas where it’s not raked. I had a couple of those balls where it was in those areas. It’s like, ‘Is there a lot of sand here, is there not, how should I play it?’ And when you dig in with your feet, you’re not in those areas where it’s raked. Sometimes I’m guessing … and I guessed wrong.’’ He also admitted to struggling physically with his surgically repaired right leg. “My leg is not feeling as good as I would like it to be,” Woods said. “I just can’t load it. Loading hurts, pressing off it hurts, and walking hurts, and twisting hurts. We’ll start the recovery process and get after it [Friday].”