Dramatic video captured the moment cops caught Alabama murder suspect Casey Cole White and former jail boss Vicky White after a car chase that ended with her dying from what is believed to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound. A motorist recorded the chaotic scene as cops swooped in on the pair’s Cadillac in Evansville, Indiana, after authorities received a tip about their whereabouts – ending a 10-day manhunt that began when she helped him escape from jail. The stunned man behind the camera provided a running narrative of the arrest as sirens blared. “I swear to God, I’m looking at it right now! They just got him!” he tells someone on his phone, excitedly saying the two were caught at his workplace car park. “Holy s—, they got him! The just dragged him out!” He adds that Vicky was still in the vehicle. Police said she had shot herself in the head while being arrested and was later pronounced dead. US Marshal Marty Keely of the Northern District of Alabama told CNN that authorities had learned that Vicky and Casey were staying at a hotel in Indiana and set up surveillance.At some point, Vicky left the hotel wearing a wig and got behind the wheel of the Cadillac with Casey. Police conducted a “rolling surveillance” until they chased the car, rammed it and it rolled over, AL.com reported. Warning: Graphic language “We got Casey White out who immediately announced that his wife had shot herself in the head and that he didn’t do it,’’ Keely said, adding that the two were not married. Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton told reporters that the duo’s escape “ended the way that we knew it would – they are in custody.” “This has ended a very stressful and challenging week and a half,’’ Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton said. “It ended the way that we knew it would – they are in custody.” “What I’m very thankful for tonight is that no one was hurt, no citizens were hurt, no law enforcement officers were hurt, as a result of this escape,’’ the sheriff said.“Casey White is now back in custody, and I cannot express enough to the US Marshals Fugitive Task Force for the assistance. Their agents were actually the ones involved in the pursuit,” Singleton said.“We got a dangerous man off the street today. He is never going to see the light of day again and that’s a good thing, not just for our community but that’s a good thing for this country,” he said. The sheriff added that there was no evidence that the pair had help during their time on the lam.“The lesson I’ve learned, and I think everybody has learned, it you don’t know who you can trust,’’ he said. “I had every bit of trust in Vicky White. She has been an exemplary employee and what in the world provoked or prompted her to pull a stunt like this, I don’t know. I don’t know if we’ll ever know.“You just don’t know people sometimes. You think you do, and you really don’t know who they are,’’ Singleton added. He said Casey will be returned to Alabama and arraigned in Lauderdale County. Casey’s mother, Connie Moore, declined to comment to AL.com at her home Monday night. Meanwhile, Austin Williams, 42, the son of Casey’s victim Connie Ridgway, 58, described the inmate’s capture as a “miracle.” “It’s huge. [I’m] so glad we still have the chance to get justice for Connie,” Williams told The US Sun, adding that he was “relieved and happy no one is in danger anymore.” Casey was charged with capital murder in September 2020 for fatally stabbing Ridgeway. He was serving a 75-year sentence for a 2015 crime spree that included home invasion and carjacking when he and Vicky ran away. Casey and Vicky had a “special relationship” for nearly two years while he was locked up, officials have said. The couple’s dramatic capture took place after US Marshals released photos of a dark-colored 2006 Ford F-150 that was found abandoned in Evansville.