It’s the end of an era for the stars of the long-running TLC series “Little People, Big World,” who have officially listed their longtime Oregon family farm for $4 million. Matt Roloff, the family patriarch, took to social media on Thursday night to make the announcement. “I want to make sure you all hear the big news directly from me,” Matt, 60, wrote in an Instagram caption. “All of @rolofffarms has brought me and our family great joy for the past 30+ years! Today 16 acres of the farms [out of the] 109 acres go up for sale including our original family home and bright red barn. It’s a tiny bit scary but mostly exciting… it’s time to move toward the next season of life.” Pegged as an “extremely rare” property, the 100-year-old farm has been owned by just three families in that span of time. The 5,300-plus-square-foot spread comes with five bedrooms, five full baths and a powder room on the main level. There are also dual offices, which have been referred to as “Zoom rooms,” for optimal remote work experience. Additionally, there is a six-car garage, an unfinished basement that can be used as a home gym, and on the second level is a large bonus room. Outdoor features include several entertaining areas, an outdoor pool and an expansive terrace extending off the great room. The sale also comes with a 3,500-square-foot classic red and white barn, which has been used as an office to run the yearly Roloff Pumpkin Patch festival. The barn also features a studio apartment with a private entrance. Located 15 miles west of Portland in Hillsboro, the land has a farm stand/gift shop and seven installations — including a full-scale pirate’s ship, a Western town and a German-inspired medieval castle, all connected by a network of trails and bridges, the listing states. “I have dedicated much of my adult life creating an imaginative environment filled with adventure for my family,” Matt Roloff said in a statement. “I have decided the timing is ripe, after 30-plus wonderful years, to hand over the reins to the next owners of this magnificent property to plant some roots of their own and watch them grow.” The Roloffs initially purchased the home in 1990 for $185,000. If Matt comes anywhere near the asking price, he will be walking away with a hefty profit. Julie Martin, of Luxe Forbes Global Properties, holds the listing. “The old saying location, location, location has been replaced by location, location, lifestyle,” Martin said. “In a post-pandemic era, home buyers are seeking space, privacy and security. This is exactly what you will find at Roloff Farm.” “Little People Big World” aired its first show on March 4, 2006, documenting the lives of Matt and Amy Roloff who stand 4 feet tall — and who were married at the time — as they face a variety of challenges in raising their four children: twins Jeremy and Zach, and younger siblings Molly and Jacob. All of their children have since gotten married and had children of their own. Matt and Amy divorced in 2016 after 29 years of marriage. He became the sole owner of the farm after Amy sold her share of the farm for only $667,000 in 2019.