CHICAGO — Aaron Judge’s 456-foot home run wasn’t his biggest hit on Thursday. Instead, it was his two-run infield hit that a hustling Judge beat out in the eighth inning which gave the Yankees the lead in a 15-7 win over the White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field. They went on to score seven two-out runs to put the game away for their 16th win in 18 games to build a season-high 4 ½ game lead over Tampa Bay in the AL East. The 15 runs was the most the Yankees have scored since 2020. And, as has become customary, they found new ways to do it against a White Sox team that had won seven of eight. “It’s something we’ve been doing all year,’’ Judge said of coming back in games. “It doesn’t matter what the score is. We want to win.” Judge and Giancarlo Stanton combined for three homers and 10 RBIs and had key singles as the Yankees pulled away in the eighth after Jonathan Loaisiga’s latest meltdown. After the right-hander allowed a game-tying three-run homer to Yoan Moncada in the bottom of the seventh, the Yankees batted around in the eighth. “Usually the momentum shifts when they come back, especially at home,” Stanton said. “But we were chilling. We’ve got work to do. Keep pushing.” The rally started against Joe Kelly, who retired the first two batters he faced before Marwin Gonzalez, Gleyber Torres — pinch-hitting for Kyle Higashioka — and DJ LeMahieu walked to load the bases for Judge. Judge, who blasted a game-winning homer in The Bronx on Tuesday, grounded to short, where Tim Anderson had to make an off-balance throw to first. Judge just beat it out and Gonzalez scored easily before Torres raced all the way from second. “I gave it all I got,’’ Judge said of racing down the line. “I hope my speed rating goes up.” After Anthony Rizzo walked to end Kelly’s miserable outing, Stanton delivered a two-run single off lefty Tanner Banks and Josh Donaldson sealed it with a three-run homer to left. The win moved the Yankees to an MLB-best 23-8 in the first game of an eight-game road trip. And they did it all with spot starter Luis Gil on the mound. The 23-year-old, called up with the Yankees in the midst of 23 games in 22 days, gave up four runs in four innings, but avoided further damage with a strikeout of Tim Anderson with runners on second and third to end the fourth inning. Chicago starter Dylan Cease gave up six runs in just four innings despite striking out 11. Stanton got the Yankees off to a good start. After LeMahieu started the game with a double to left, Stanton crushed a two-run homer to right-center. Gil cruised through the bottom of the first, but gave up three runs in a 30-pitch second. The Yankees tied the game in the third. Judge walked with one out and Rizzo ripped a triple down the right field line. Stanton then took Cease deep again to the opposite field to put the Yankees on top, 5-3. In the fourth, Higashioka singled with two outs and scored on LeMahieu’s double past third base. Gil left after the fourth inning and the Yankees turned the game over to their bullpen, which has held up well during the first month of the season. Loaisiga’s struggles, though, continued. Judge hit his MLB-leading 11th homer of the season to lead off the seventh against Ryan Burr. Loaisiga came on after Luetge gave up a single to start the bottom of the seventh and walked Anderson before Moncada took him deep. It was the third homer allowed by Loaisiga this season in 12 ²/₃ innings. He gave up three all of last season in 70 ²/₃ innings. Chad Green finished the game with two scoreless innings.