C’mon, Barbie, let’s go party — with Satan? A Christian influencer is being trolled after warning parents that a new yoga-themed Barbie doll is a “demonic attachment.” Yasmeen Suri, a conservative Christian speaker, author and singer who shares her religious beliefs on Facebook and YouTube, recently went on a rant to her 20,000 Facebook followers, claiming that “Breathe With Me” Barbie could lead to children becoming “possessed by demons” and suicidal. Her post likening yoga to Satanism had more than 73,000 likes and 47,000 shares as of Monday. The doll, which sits cross-legged in cloud-pattern pajamas next to a little dog, also wears a crescent moon-shaped necklace charm with a button that, when pressed, prompts yoga Barbie to recite five guided meditations. There are also four cloud emojis on pegs that can be placed on the puppy’s head to express an emotion, while the doll is equipped with 15 “joints,” allowing it to contort into an array of yoga poses. Mattel advertises the doll to help children “practice self-care” and “inspire mindfulness,” but Suri claims that the doll is Satan’s attempt to “use [children] and indoctrinate them for his glory. Then, when he is done, he will destroy them.” “Satan always comes as appearing innocent. He will never come with horns and a pitchfork,” she wrote. Suri claimed, “Yoga IS Hinduism. You cannot separate the poses from the religion. Each pose is designed to invoke a hindu deity in the spirit realm.” “I have seen children get possessed by demons,” she said. “As your kids grow, they will get rebellious, depressed and many will be suicidal. You won’t understand what’s happening as a parent.” She warned parents to “remove all toys and clean [their] children’s room of all demonic attachments.” Thousands of people posted comments on the now-viral post, with the majority of Facebook users mocking Suri. “This is why is SUPER IMPORTANT to ask for help when your are having problemas with your mental health. Please get help!” read the top comment, posted by Eva De Metal. “Thank you for promoting this! I can’t wait to run to target and buy myself one,” Sarah Roudabush said. “I’m all for removing all toys and removing the demon attachments at my house… I mean uh children. Children. Sorry,” Laura Mazza joked. “My daughter has recently been doing yoga, it’s been really good for her. Enjoying the red tint in her eyes too, brings a nice ambience to the room,” Trudie Macfarlane mockingly wrote. “I want my money back! I never got demon possessed at yoga class. What a rip off!” Jaime Elliott teased. “It’s odd that you consider stretching to be ‘Satanic,’ when a reach of this magnitude requires amazing amounts of flexibility,” Jon Trexler commented. However, some of Suri’s followers agreed with her stance on the Barbie doll. “Sad but so true,” William Sutton commented. “I agree 100% i think that it all needs to be exposed!!!!” Viola Harrison Seagraves wrote. Suri addressed the controversy regarding her claims, telling Newsweek: “There are some professing Christians that have no issues with the teachings behind yoga and there are some that do. I am one that does. Yes, I do believe when we open ourselves up to occult-based practices, there are dangers of demonic activity.” While yoga is rooted in Hinduism, most Indians and Hindus do not practice yoga and many practices are not considered a religious exercise. Yoga has become increasingly popular in recent years and is even taught in some schools to help children manage their physical and emotional well-being. “The Vatican has not felt compelled to tell Catholics that yoga is totally out of bounds,” theologian Dr. Brett Salkeld told Newsweek. “Many arguments Catholics tend to use against the practice of yoga are, in fact, unCatholic — even superstitious.”