The alleged drunken driver who fatally struck an NYU student was more than 1.5 times over the legal blood-alcohol limit at the time of the crash — and had to ask his passenger what he hit, court papers say. Michael de Guzman, 49, had a blood-alcohol content of .13 when he plowed his 2017 red Camaro into aspiring doctor Raife Milligan, 21, on East Houston Street in Manhattan’s East Village around 2:45 a.m. Monday, according to the criminal complaint against him. De Guzman told a responding cop that he had seen “a shadow of someone running across the street” and tried to swerve out of the way but crashed into a Honda CRV and the divider, the complaint says. “I observed [de Guzman] ask the passenger of his vehicle if he hit the other car and the passenger stated to [de Guzman] in substance, no you just hit the guy, meaning the pedestrian,” the officer wrote in the complaint. De Guzman’s Camaro had previously been caught allegedly speeding in school zones four times since late last year — part of 29 infractions it’s racked up, according to a Web site that tracks New York City parking and camera violations. The $50 school-zone violations took place Dec. 10, Jan. 5 and Feb. 23 in Queens and on Dec. 20 in Brooklyn, according to the records. The vehicle also gathered 25 parking tickets, including one for blocking a crosswalk in Queens and another for violating a “no standing except authorized vehicles” ordinance in Brooklyn. De Guzman was charged with felony vehicular assault in the second degree and two counts of operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated in Monday’s crash, according to the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office. He was arraigned and granted supervised release at the request of prosecutors. The suspect declined comment to The Post when reached by e-mail Friday, referring questions to his lawyer, Patrick Brackley. Brackley told The Post, “It’s obviously a very tragic situation, and Mr. de Guzman is at this time doing everything he can to investigate the matter and come to understand his place in it.” An Instagram account appearing to belong to the driver shows he is a Muay Thai trainer who is part-owner of a gym in Long Island City, Queens. Students at the gym gave him rave reviews for his training sessions outside the facility Friday night. “He’s been a great instructor. It’s shocking,” a man who declined to give his name said about the crash. “He’s been in [the] sport a long time. He cares about his students a lot.” Another student who also refused to give his name called de Guzman a “great guy.” In a video posted in December that advertises his services as Coach Mike D, he is seen cruising in the Camaro in a leather jacket and sunglasses. In the video, de Guzman says that overcoming adversity is part of the training of the martial arts discipline. “It’s not a nail salon, I’m not there to, like, feed your ego,” he says. “I’m gonna, like, challenge you, you may not like that aspect, but if you’re patient and you persevere, I’m pretty sure you’re gonna be happy with the results.” He also discusses his love of working as a trainer.“What drives me is that I feel like I have a purpose for the first time in my life after so many different careers, I worked on Wall Street, I worked in nightlife, I did sales,” he says in a voice-over — as images are shown of him driving in the Camaro.“This is the only thing … I’d rather be doing than anything else. Helping people to improve themselves, helping people learn how to fight, defend themselves — it’s a big responsibility and it’s a calling and it’s something I enjoy.”