Experts from The Post and Action Network handicap Saturday’s 148th running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs. Post time is approximately 6:57 p.m. New York Post racing handicapper 1. Cyberknife: Peaking. Made it two in a row by cutting through traffic to win the Arkansas Derby from off the pace. Gun Runner colt should get the distance. Sweet price from the 16 post. 2. Taiba: Unraced as a 2-year-old he is a perfect two for two after shocking Messier and Forbidden Kingdom in the Santa Anita Derby. With Bob Baffert banned he is trained by Tim Yakteen, as is … 3. Messier: Won the duel with Forbidden Kingdom in the SA Derby but could not fend off the fresh challenge from Taiba. Canadian-bred Captain is a son of Belmont Stakes winner Empire Maker.   Action Network racing handicapper 1. Mo Donegal: Sometimes folks get too caught up with the draw in headline-grabbing races and that could put Mo Donegal at a decent price. Irad Oritz Jr. is one of the sport’s best jockeys and figures to have Mo Donegal where he needs to be to contend with this field. 2. Cyberknife: There is a bit of buzz around Cyberknife, who is coming off a victory at the Arkansas Derby in April. With the hype, we’ll likely see this number shorten, but this Brad Cox charge should still be in rage for a win bet in the double digits. 3. Zozos: Another Cox trainee that could end up going off at a good price, Zozos could be set up down the stretch if jockey Manuel Franco can work out the right trip for a horse that can stalk the pace. Zozos finished second to Epicenter in the Louisiana Derby. Action Network senior editor 1. Taiba: My Derby betting strategy over the years is to take a horse in that 10-1 to 15-1 range to win. That’s where I tend to find the most value in a wide-open race. This year I’m going with Taiba. The former Bob Baffert horse only has two starts, but won them both. Taiba has the pedigree and jockey in Mike Smith to deliver a nice payday. 2. Cyberknife: There are some live longer shots in this field but I like Cyberknife at 20-1. Trained by Brad Cox, Cyberknife won the Arkansas Derby last month and is peaking at the right time. I do expect his odds to drop on Derby Day, but Cyberknife is still a great option to play straight or in an exacta with one of the favorites. 3. Zandon: He is one of the favorites and I’ll be adding him into some of my exactas and trifectas. The winner of the Bluegrass Stakes, Zandon has had strong workouts all week at Churchill Downs. Trainer Chad Brown has a serious threat to win the Derby. I also like Messier at 8-1 to be a factor and potentially finish in the money.