It’s time for a hot summer! Journey into June, a month that will get you fired up for fun, friends and sexy times. Hallelujah! Mercury retrograde comes to a close at the onset of June—the 3rd to be exact. This means that for the first two weeks of the month, we’ll still feel a bit lost in the fog as our lives begin to pick up speed and we sort out all the drama that went down in the second half of May. Anything that was delayed, broke down or went awry will finally get sorted out. Oh, and if you ended up under your ex during the retrograde (yet again), shake off those vibes or figure out where you truly stand going forward. Let the fire of life ignite your life! With Jupiter, the planet of expansion, and Mars, the planet of drive, heating up Aries all month, you’ll be eager to strike out into new territory, start new journeys and take the lead. Those who show leadership or entrepreneurial strength now will see big wins in the years to come. Consider how you’d like to be the master of your destiny and carve out that path now—personally and professionally. Let’s get social! Gemini season is the third season of the zodiac year and the final period of spring. This time of the year sees the days continuing to get longer, as we feel curious about the world and eager to connect with others. The pace of life will be rapid, as you juggle many things personally and professionally. Use this time to meet new people or have fun with your crew. Venus, the planet of romance, will also enter Gemini in the last third of the month, bringing you fun, laughter and flirting. Let’s get spicy! The Summer Solstice arrives on June 21 this year, the time of year when day is at its longest point. This is a time of setting new goals, ramping up for more progress and standing in our power. Embrace your fullness now. Follow me for daily insight or read 2022 predictions for your zodiac sign or your 2022 love life and relationship horoscopes now! Don’t forget to check out your monthly horoscope by me, too! Your ultimate guide to June 2022’s astroweather Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars  You’re welcome. Be sure to check back for our monthly horoscope, too! The energies of frustration are high as the month begins but they fade quickly.  You’re likely to feel much more aligned with your life by June 7th.  The brightest energy of the month will be felt between 18th and 21st.  This is a time of miracles, breakthroughs and great change. Even if your circumstances feel confusing or ‘unfair’, trust the universe.  Changes which occur in your personal life during these dates are likely to bring long term happiness, even if they feel like obstacles in the short term.  Rely on your intuition to navigate change. Only you will know what’s right for you. In June, the Animal Spirit kingdom showers us with the beautiful presence of the Swan. This water animal brings potent healing to our lives so we can begin to move with more elegance and confidence. Something new is lurking under the surface, and this mystical creature helps us channel it by reflecting, creating and writing. A deeper part of ourselves is ready to emerge, and so the Swan appears as our guide to help us refine the way we express this new creative power to the world. To connect with the angelic-like being, spend time alone while focusing on any creative projects or endeavors. Shall you ask, the Swam may pay you a visit. Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in “Access Hollywood,” E! Entertainment, NBC & ABC television, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, Marie Claire and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.