Experts from The Post and Action Network Saturday’s 147th running of the 2022 Preakness Stakes at Pimlico Race course. The post time is set for approximately 7:01 PM ET and it will air on NBC.  New York Post racing handicapper Well, at least we have a chance to pick a winner this time. No “also eligibles” in the second jewel but there is a filly and she has a devastating late kick. She’s won four of her last five, the loss was in the Arkansas Derby. She’s ready to take on the boys again after her making it look easy in the Kentucky Oaks. Gets a pace to chase. Gets up. The fresh horse. Hasn’t raced since the Wood Memorial when he was passed in deep stretch. Chad Brown opted to pass on the Derby which may prove to be a wise decision. The tight turns at Pimlico as well as the shorter distance make him tough to reel in. Tough beat in the Derby. Won the duel with rival Zandon but Joel Rosario didn’t see Rich Strike in his side view mirror. Worthy fave again but battle fatigue may take its toll. Never worse than second in four starts this year. We’re putting him third. Action Network racing handicapper D. Wayne Lukas’ filly had to endure a brutal trip against the boys in the Arkansas Derby and still found a way to finish an impressive third. She followed that up with a victory at the Kentucky Oaks. The third betting choice by the morning-line odds, Secret Oath is worth a play to upset Epicenter. We could see Epicenter as an odds-on favorite by the time the horses hit the gate on Saturday and for good reason. Epicenter was able to hold off Zandon in the Kentucky Derby but was nipped at the wire by longshot Rich Strike. Had he won the Derby, these odds would be even shorter. This field is not very deep and Epicenter is the class of the bunch. A longshot for a reason, Skippylongstocking has shown improvements in each of his starts, culminating in a third-place finish at the Wood Memorial against Mo Donegal and Early Voting. In that race, Skippylongstocking was able to pass several tired horses to hit the board. If the pace gets too hot, too quick, Skippylongstocking could pick up the pieces and potentially add a nice price to exactas or trifectas. Action Network senior editor I like to go with speed in the Preakness and Early Voting has plenty of it. Led the entire way in the Wood Memorial until Mo Donegal nipped him at the wire. Mo Donegal would have been my pick if he were running in the Preakness. Since he isn’t, I’ll go with a well-rested Early Voting to edge out the favorite Epicenter. If it wasn’t for Rich Strike’s shocking win in the Kentucky Derby, all the talk would be about Epicenter going for the Triple Crown. He showed his speed holding off a game Zandon down the stretch in the Derby before Rich Strike ran him down. I’ll be surprised if Epicenter doesn’t finish in the money on Saturday. D. Wayne Lukas’ horse is trying to become the second filly in three years to win the Preakness. Rebounded from a bad run in the Arkansas Derby to beat a large field in the Kentucky Oaks at an impressive time of 1:49.44. Secret Oath has finished Top 3 in seven of eight career starts. My favorite horse to include in Preakness exotic bets.