A migrane sufferer has shared her top tip for banishing the painful condition. The Amazon fan revealed she uses a “headache hat”, which can be put in the fridge or microwave. The TikToker, dubbed jazzthezombie, said: “These are called headache/migraine caps. This is hands down my favorite Amazon purchase ever. “One thing that is super neat about it, it uses hot or cold therapy. “So if you prefer hot for a migraine or headache you can warm it up in the microwave. “If you prefer cold like me, you can have it in the freezer ready to go whenever you have a migraine. “It also helps with stress relief, sinus pressure and it blocks out all the light so you can sleep peacefully.” Migraines are a common and painful headache that affect millions of people around the world. The Global Burden of Disease Study 2013 lists migraine as one of only eight chronic medical conditions to affect more than 10 per cent of the population worldwide. The NHS says that one in every five women and around one in every 15 men experience migraines. Speaking to The Sun Dr Richard Day,  an adviser at BioKult, explained avoiding triggers is a good way to slash your migraine risk. He said: “Common triggers for migraine include poor sleep, excess use of caffeine, missing meals and the use of artificial sweeteners. “Other risk factors for migraine include obesity, stress, alcohol consumption, hormonal changes and excessive use of pain medication. “Individuals with a genetic susceptibility to migraine may continue to experience migraine symptoms if they continue to be exposed to environmental triggers, such as those listed above.” Loosing weight can also help, as will cutting down on the booze. Research previously found that alcohol has been reported as a migraine trigger in approximately one-third of migraine patients. Cutting out caffeine, increasing your magnesium intake through foods or supplements could also help and if you lead a stressful lifestyle, taking time to relax could help banish them. If you are still suffering with migraines however, there are a number of ways to tackle the pain if it strikes. If you suspect an attack coming on you should go home from work to rest in a room without stimulation such as TV or computers. It’s important to drink plenty of water, eat regularly and focus on complex carb and protein rich foods to maintain blood sugar levels, massage the base of the head and temples and try warming the neck with a scarf or hot water bottle. Painkillers such as ibuprofen or aspirin can provide relief, but always follow the recommended dosage. Using essential oils can also help, such as lavender and peppermint, which can ease symptoms and decrease pain. This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.