 “Two summers ago, in the middle of a pandemic, we saw protests across the nation the likes of which you hadn’t seen since the 1960s. They unified people of every race and generation. Athletes and sports leagues boycotted and postponed games. Companies and workers proclaimed ‘Black Lives Matter.’ Students staged solidarity walkouts.” — President Biden, May 25 We say: Biden must have been in his basement in summer 2020. Peaceful protests quickly turned into riots and looting, and Americans took notice: Their support for Black Lives Matter fell 12 points between June and September 2020, per Pew. NPR’s headline on an Ipsos survey that same month: “Americans Increasingly Polarized When It Comes To Racial Justice Protests, Poll Finds.” “We know that increased turnout has nothing to do with suppression; suppression is about whether or not you make it difficult for voters to access the ballot.” — Stacey Abrams, May 24 We say: Umm, if more people are voting, doesn’t that suggest it hasn’t become harder for them to vote? Of course, but the Democratic Georgia gubernatorial hopeful couldn’t simply say “Yes” when a reporter asked, “Is it possible that the Democrats were wrong and that the new law isn’t suppressing votes?” Even the media had to question the months of smears after record-breaking early voting in the state’s primaries and “short lines and limited problems” on Election Day, as The Atlanta Journal-Constitution noted. “Those of us in the media act as if it’s Joe Biden’s problem to solve every day. ‘What are you going to do about inflation?’ It’s not Joe Biden’s problem to solve. It’s the Federal Reserve’s problem to solve.” — CNN’s John Harwood, May 23 We say: White House correspondent? More like White House commissary. The president created the problem with an unprecedented spending spree, a war on US energy production, work-disincentivizing benefits and more. Why shouldn’t he do something about it? The Fed’s easy-money pandemic policies contributed as well, of course — and Biden rewarded chief Jay Powell with another term.  We say: Associated Press is smoking some pretty strong stuff: The story that accompanies this tweet even claims that “by most measures, the economy as a whole remains healthy.” Negative economic growth, inflation at a 40-year high and nearly 20% of the stock market’s value obliterated since the year’s start — does that sound like a healthy economy to you? Consumers are sure to cut back, no matter what the Biden fan club tells you. — Compiled by The Post Editorial Board