Bravo to The Post for “The vicious cycles” by Steve Cuozzo, exposing the truth about the e-bikes and, indirectly, the disastrous bike lanes (May 15). The Democrats sold that idea as a way to improve the quality of life. Unfortunately, the opposite has occurred. In addition to the danger posed by cyclists and their disregard of traffic rules, they do use their lanes but prefer to use the sidewalks, with dangerous disregard for pedestrians. The police and traffic agents aren’t allowed to enforce the law regarding e-bike, bicycle, scooter, unicycle and skateboard violations, giving them a free pass to disobey red lights, speed limits, direction of traffic flow and other rules of the road. Thus, not only has our standard of living and safety declined, but we are paying high taxes to maintain this failed system of transportation. Anton Loew, Manhattan I couldn’t agree more with Cuozzo on e-bikes. It should be taken one step further by banning all bikes. Let me say first that there are many cyclists who abide by the rules of the road. There are many who do not. How many pedestrians have been hit by marauding bikers? Secondly, they pay no fees or insurance as drivers do, so why are they entitled to their own lanes, blocking precious parking spaces and taking away lanes that drivers pay for? Let’s stop this insanity, and get bikes off the road and into parks where they belong. New York is not Amsterdam. Robert Greco Milford, Pa. Thank you for calling out the e-bike problem. Those who want their food delivered so fast that it risks injuring or killing others should eat in restaurants. Dierdre A. Burgman Manhattan Regarding Cuozzo’s article on the hazards of operating e-bikes in New York City, it should also be mentioned that individually owned bikes are not covered by insurance. Most people don’t realize they have no coverage, but their victims soon realize it after they are injured and there is no one to cover the medical bills. This situation needs to be fixed now. Stephen Rach West Sayville Can we waste any more taxpayer money (“Sightings of UFOs up to 400: Pentagon,” May 18)? There was actually a congressional meeting on this? I must be missing something — oh, yes, my mind, as I see the roundtable of imbeciles looking at grainy footage of these “objects.” If aliens do arrive and tell us “take me to your leader,” I’m sure their comedy troupe will have plenty of material. Kevin Judge Naples, Fla. As the United States struggles with inflation, gas prices, supply chain issues, a baby formula crisis, a disaster at the border, drugs, a war in Ukraine, COVID resurgence, a doddering president, an ineffective vice president and violence and gangs across the country, Congress has the wherewithal to investigate UFO sightings? Beam me up, Scotty! J. Impreveduto Naples, Fla. Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.