Surely, nothing is more unstoppable in the summer than your best linen dresses. Think about it: they’re just as breathable as your finest pair of linen pants, look great with your favorite denim jacket and nude heels and, when dressed up, can be the lovechild of the tried-and-true cocktail dress and midi dress. Let’s re-hash the obvious, too. When it’s sweltering and sticky outside, you don’t want to toss anything on but something that (1) feels like a second skin and (2) is flowy to the max. (Related: best white dresses). Not to mention, whether you’re looking for a toss-on outfit to double as your work dress for your 9-to-5 or a cut-out dress for boozy evenings, one of our favorite linen dresses is sure to be your go-to. Ahead, find the 30 best linen dresses we rounded up to style with your most comfortable heels (or sandals!). From fun floral prints to ones that almost resemble T-shirt dresses, you won’t even think about the slight wrinkling that’s characteristic of this material (pro tip: buy a steamer). Click to jump to some of our favorite retailers for linen dresses: Abercrombie, Amazon, Bloomingdale’s, Express, Free People, Hello Molly, Lulus, Magic Linen, Nasty Gal, Petal & Pup, Reformation, Revolve, SHEIN, Target It’s linen, but with a cut-out twist. Abercrombie’s Linen-Blend Cut-Out Shirt Dress resembles your crop-top and shorts ensemble, clad with showcasing that flattering bit of skin. The classic polo-style upper is a nice touch, too. Keep things simple and breezy in Goodthreads’ Relaxed-Fit Linen-Blend Flutter-Sleeve Dress. Just shy of $20 and available in a lovely selection of shades, the minimalist, fits-every-body dress is sure to keep you cool on scorching hot days. We love a good midi dress, and Fore’s Smocked Fit & Flare style is made with a twist: subtle side cut-outs and a stretchy halter top that’s perfect for your next backyard bash. Paired with your favorite pair of espadrilles, and you’ll be looking fabulous. Hello, fun summer dress! We’re all eyes for Express’ Linen-Blend One-Shoulder Ruched Asymmetrical Mini Dress. Snatch this skinny spaghetti-strapped number before it sells out, especially since it’s a limited-edition style. If we’re being honest, this dress is modern Mulan. Everything from its thick-fabric crossover detail to the exaggerated loose-fitting sleeves makes it a lovely square-necked linen dress to rock this season. Plus, the color selection is quite generous. If you’re looking for an itsy bitsy dress to simply toss on for a summertime picnic (perhaps with our go-to picnic baskets and essentials), look no further than Hello Molly’s Heartfelt Lines Dress. The smocked green floral print is on-trend, and we love the bikini top-style top. Turn heads in Lulus’ Summers in Seville Tie-Back Halter Mini Dress. It’s an elevated option for your next resort stay or backyard soiree, namely for its adoring bow-back detail and luxe-looking print. Not to mention, we think it’s a phenomenal less-than-$60 buy. Frolick around town in Nasty Gal’s Linen Puff-Sleeve Mini Dress. Not only is the price budget-friendly (just $31 right now!) but this muted lime tone is warm weather-ready, especially for its relaxed V-neck design and frilly sleeves. Plus, it looks great with some white sneakers. Real talk — if you love everything super girly, you need this bubblegum pink midi dress in your closet ASAP. From the ruffled cap sleeves to its modest fit, Petal & Pup’s Genevieve Dress is sure to bring the party — to your party. This edit would be incomplete without a mention of Reformation; its investment-worthy dresses are just too good not to consider. Specifically, the brand’s Bucatini Linen Dress is an adage to the Italian Riviera (and for that we love it). If you want to feel super coastal, pick up Rails’ Jasmine Dress. Its long-sleeved look is ideal for cooler nights, and we love the beachy striped print that pairs well with Amber Sceats’ Twist Hoop Earrings ($49) and Soludos’ Tall Wedge ($115). Some may say black isn’t apt for warm weather, but we love it just as much as the white dresses in our wardrobes. For just $13, you can’t pass up this basic, cami-style dress from SHEIN. With your favorite fine jewelry pieces, you’ll add to its delicate charm, too. Relaxed fit, aside, we love Universal Thread’s Flutter Short-Sleeve Woven Dress for this beautiful deep mauve color and its blouse-style top. It’s available in a ton of other colors, too, and it looks dynamite with your favorite statement jewelry. As one of our favorite Abercrombie dresses of the season, the brand’s Halter Linen-Blend Mini Dress is one of the most spectacular nods to summer we’ve seen. This tangerine color is everything, too, and its sexy fit covers and hugs you in all the right places. Oh, we found a hidden gem on Amazon — and a shining one, at that. This sweet, tiered baby pink dress has the most precious eyelet detailing and comfortable, breezy fabric. Plus, it pairs well with your favorite designer clutch. We’re thinking upscale vacation with Tommy Bahama’s Two Palms Ruffled Shift Dress (or, TikTok’s trending “Costal Grandmother” style). Available in two other natural shades, this polished yet lightweight toss-on is the perfect summertime splurge for you to enjoy sunny days in style. Not a dress per se, but rompers are *almost* one, especially Express’ Floral Linen-Blend Puff-Shoulder Tie-Waist style. We can’t stop looking at it, either — its bow-tie waist and intricate, petite cut-out detailing at the puff sleeves is sweet for summer. If you’re RSVPing to a white party this summer, you need to pick up For Love & Lemons’ Becca Mini Dress. From its perfect puffed sleeves to the rich-looking eyelet detailing, it’ll become the only white dress you’ll need (like, ever). If you can’t tell, we’re all about the puff sleeves. Hello Molly has a sophisticated option that’s still youthful, many thanks to its subtle side slit and near-sweetheart top. Plus, the light-toned lavender adds a bit of warmth to your other white dresses. Not nearly denim but almost like it, Lulus’ Days Like This Sleeveless Ruffled Mini Dress is adorable, great for any occasion on your calendar this summer and has a flattering top-tie detailing that looks great in photos. For an added touch, pair it with Lulus’ jewelry options. Chocolate brown is certainly having a moment (and we’re not complaining about it). For a dress that’ll transition well into fall, Nasty Gal’s Linen Smocked Puff-Sleeve Mini Dress is dreamy to pair with nude heels and some of our favorite Amazon jewelry pieces. Breathtaking is one word to describe Petal & Pup’s Esther Dress. Its criss-cross detailing at the back is captivating, and its white and peach-printed floral exterior is one you’ll receive plenty of compliments over. Reformation has one of the sweetest wedding guest dresses you’ll find, namely for its fabulous navy color and on-trend slit and flow. For $248, it’s one of those investment pieces you’ll thank yourself for purchasing. We’re big fans of ruffles, which means we’re big fans of Tularosa’s Rory Dress. It’s one of the most breathable options we found, and especially stylish when paired with 8 Other Reason’s So Micro Bag ($165) and Schutz’s Angieh Heeled Sandal ($138). Vibrant colors are perfect for summer, and nothing is more fun and party-ready than SHEIN’s Solid Ruched Ruffle Hem Dress. It adds a bit more spice to your plain shift dress (thanks, ruffled sleeves) and is pieced together well with a pair of neutral platform heels ($21). Along with chocolate brown, green is also having some time in the spotlight. For $20, you would be amiss to neglect Universal Threads’ Sleeveless Tiered Gauze Dress. It’s that toss-on dress you need for mini-golf dates, afternoons in the park or errand-running. Bow-tie straps make any outfit sweeter, and that’s why we love Abercrombie’s Tie-Strap Linen-Blend Mini Dress. Fairly priced under $75, it’s that wear-on-repeat style that’s bound to define this summer season. When we think of linen, we often think of neutrals. Akivide’s V-Neck Button-Down Swing Dress adds that charming traditional touch to a versatile style, especially with its vertical button detailing and flutter sleeves. Not to mention, it comes in black. Turn up the summertime heat with Ted Baker’s Dulina Strappy Floral Maxi Dress. Surely, we have our heart eye emojis ready to describe this one, especially for adding much festive flair to your vacation outfit options. Business in the front, party definitely in the back. From its tiered detailing and more-adorable-than-ever bow-back detailing, this red style is sure to be one of your closet’s favorites (just look at those ruffled straps!) Plus, it comes in other colors to choose from. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.