“Aquaman” himself, Jason Momoa, allegedly advocated for embattled Amber Heard to keep her role in the movie’s upcoming sequel. Former producer and current entertainment industry consultant and expert Kathryn Arnold took the stand Monday as Heard’s witness during her ongoing trial against ex-husband Johnny Depp. She said Heard’s red-wigged role was supposed to be her “star is born” moment but claimed the actress was almost cut from “Aquaman 2” because of issues with Johnny Depp, 58. Arnold further said the only reason Heard kept her job is because Momoa, 42, and director James Wan, 45, “committed to her” and were “adamant” she be in the film, according to the Daily Mail. Heard, 36, allegedly trained five hours a day for several months before finding out from a costume designer that her role had been “dismissed.” Arnold, who met with Heard before the testimony, said that Heard’s character, Mera, was going to have a “strong romantic arc the entire film and some great action sequences” before her action scenes were “cut out” and her role was “radically reduced.” On Thursday, Heard’s agent, Jessica Kovacevic, said she was told the role was nearly recast due to Heard’s “lack of chemistry” with Momoa but personally believed it had to do with her bad reputation. Arnold also said “Game of Thrones” actor Momoa was able to renegotiate his salary for the second movie up from around $3 million to $15 million. Heard was paid the same $2 million as stated in her first contact, Arnold said, adding that the troubled actress should have been able to renegotiate for up to $6 million. “They [Hollywood] like her work but they can’t work with her because every time her name is mentioned, the negativity flares up again,” Arnold said of Heard’s “very negative” reputation. Arnold testified that, over five years, Heard could have made $4 million per movie, though it might have even topped that and reached up to $20 million. Heard’s total estimated loss, Arnold claimed, was between $45 million and $50 million. Heard also would’ve scored other million-dollar deals similar to her $1.5 million contract with L’Oreal, Arnold added. Since the trial started, more than 4 million Depp fans have flocked to sign a petition urging the actress to be dropped from the film altogether.