ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — An 11-year MLB veteran, Matt Carpenter arrived in the Yankees clubhouse Thursday afternoon and told manager Aaron Boone he was ready to help however necessary. “If you want me to load the bags on the plane, that’s what I’ll do,” Carpenter said. Instead, just hours after the Yankees announced they had signed him to a major league contract and added him to the active roster, Carpenter was a late addition to the starting lineup at DH after Aaron Hicks was scratched with right hamstring tightness. The 36-year-old Carpenter, who had requested a release from his minor league contract with the Rangers last week, reached base twice and scored a pair of runs in the 7-2 win over the Rays at Tropicana Field. “It was pretty crazy,” said Carpenter, who saw 25 pitches in four plate appearances, getting hit by a pitch and drawing a walk. “To get here and be in the lineup right away — I don’t think I landed until 3:20, so it happened fast, but it was a lot of fun. Huge win. It was good to be a part of, pretty cool.” With the Yankees battling health issues — DJ LeMahieu (wrist) was out of the lineup for a third straight game Thursday, Josh Donaldson remained on the COVID IL and Giancarlo Stanton (ankle) went on the 10-day IL on Wednesday — the addition of Carpenter offers a left-handed bat off the bench. Aaron Boone, who called Carpenter a “catalyst” in Thursday’s win, said the former Cardinal could also see time at first base and third base. “I’m excited to put a Yankee uniform on and be a part of the best team in baseball right now,” Carpenter said before the game. “I’m just fired up to be here, whatever that role looks like.” Boone said the Yankees had Carpenter on their radar for the past few months, then pursued him when he opted out of his minor league contract with the Rangers. After hitting .169 with a .581 OPS in 130 games for the Cardinals last season, Carpenter spent the offseason revamping his swing and was batting .275 with a .991 OPS at Triple-A this year. “My swing felt as good as it’s felt in years,” Carpenter said. “I was able to put in a lot of good work in the offseason and see it translate. Obviously it’s Triple-A pitching, but with what I was able to feel and things I was able to have click for me, I was really encouraged by it. That kind of led to what happened here. I’m really excited that this opportunity presented itself.” LeMahieu, the former Rockie who squared off against Carpenter plenty over the years in the National League, said he was looking forward to getting to know the three-time All-Star. “A guy that has a lot of really good at-bats,” LeMahieu said. “He’s got some pop, gets on base. The guys I texted in St. Louis that I know spoke very highly of him.”