New York Post readers can get their hands on a $1,000 risk free bet with BetMGM. Use the promo code NPBONUS when signing up to BetMGM, and make your first sports bet risk-free. BetMGM’s new customer offer gives new users a brilliant risk-free first sports bet up to $1,000. By using the BetMGM bonus code NPBONUS, you are able to take advantage of this fantastic offer, with some exciting NBA clashes on display. This means that if your wager wins, you keep the winnings, but even if it loses, you will get your entire stack back as free bets. BetMGM’s sign-up offer is one of the most competitive out there, providing new customers with a great welcome to life with BetMGM.  The Milwaukee Bucks will host the Boston Celtics in Game 4 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals on Sunday. The Bucks hold a 2-1 lead in the series. Game 3 of the series ended with controversy, but one thing is clear — the Bucks are in a very good position to reach the Eastern Conference Finals once again. They simply need to win all the remaining games in Fiserv Forum to accomplish that goal, and Saturday’s contest was another step in the right direction. The Celtics can’t feel happy over what has happened in the series so far, and head coach Ime Udoka blasted the referees for poor officiating following a tight ending to Game 3. One thing that is clear, though, it that the Celtics need to do a better job on both ends of the court if they want to steal a game out of Fiserv Forum. Golden State Warriors play host to the Memphis Grizzlies in Game 4 of the Western Conference Semi-Finals. The Warriors took the win in Game 1 in Memphis and fell short in Game 2, but they bounced back at home in Game 3, with a decisive, 30-point win, to take the upper hand in the series. They have a chance to take a commanding, 3-1 lead, if they can stay strong on their home court where they are 4-0, so far in the playoffs. The action on Wednesday night comes from Arizona, where the Mavericks face the Suns. The Mavericks (2-2) appeared to be dead in the water when they trailed 0-2 in this series, but they took care of business at home. They grabbed wins in Game 3 and Game 4, dominating for most of those outings. Game 4 on Sunday was their best performance of the postseason, getting out to a 37-25 lead after the first quarter and maintaining that lead for the final three quarters. They now return home with a 2-2 series, and they need to get more from Chris Paul. The stud point guard fouled out in Game 4 and now had 17 points, 12 rebounds and 11 assists in the last two games combined. He had single games that looked like that in the last round, and it’s a wonder what’s going on with the superstar point guard.   BetMGM are giving new customers a fantastic offer for the NBA playoffs. All you have to do is place a $10 wager on any NBA team moneyline, and if a three-pointer is scored in the game, you’ll win $200 in free bets. This offer is for new customers only, but what better way to get involved in a hectic month full of the NBA playoffs. The three-point ball is the ultimate weapon in basketball and you can be almost certain a three-pointer will be hit in whichever game you back. Be sure to get involved, and cash in on an excellent promotion. 21+.NY, CO, DC, IA, IN, MI, NJ, NV, PA, TN, WV, IA, VA, WV, WY only. T&Cs apply. One of the easiest ways to get yourself a load of free bets is through BetMGM’s very generous “refer a friend” scheme. BetMGM allows bettors to refer up to 20 friends, with both getting a $50 bonus. Your friend will need to make their first deposit and place their $50 bonus on any sport at odds of -200 or greater in order for you to claim your bonus.