Why are most media basically ignoring the trial of Michael Sussmann, when it centers on a huge political scandal — an effort to frame a presidential candidate for treason? In her devastating opening statement, prosecutor Deborah Brittain Shaw explained, “It was a plan to create an October surprise . . . that was designed to inject the FBI into a presidential election.” Sussmann’s charged with falsely claiming to have been acting as a concerned citizen when he told a top bureau official of a supposed secret Donald Trump channel to the Kremlin, when in fact the lawyer was billing the Hillary Clinton campaign for his dirty work. Indeed, Brittain Shaw noted, that lie was “part of a bigger plan carried out in concert with two clients, the Clinton campaign and Rodney Joffe,” the tech executive (and Sussmann client and would-be Clinton appointee) who created the “evidence” of Trump skullduggery. And the overall Clinton plan “largely succeeded,” even though the FBI quickly saw through the tech fakery: The false claims — along with the equally bogus, Clintonite-commissioned Steele dossier and other baseless charges — became part of the larger, utterly false “body of evidence” that had the FBI investigating Trump and his campaign, and later led to the two-year, $32 million Mueller investigation that kneecapped the Trump presidency. “We are here because the FBI is our institution that shouldn’t be used as a political tool for anyone — not Republicans, not Democrats, not anyone,” the prosecutor explained. But it was. If it had been Republicans doing it to a Democrat, the press would be losing its mind. Problem is, most media bought the Clinton-commissioned lies: The Washington Post and New York Times split a Pulitzer for their obsessive “news reporting” that repeated the lies to the world. It was the most successful disinformation campaign in living memory, and the liberal media were at best willing dupes in that success. Maybe it’s not such a surprise they don’t much care to cover the trial that’s beginning to bring it all to light.