The Democrats pushed too far and now they are left to turn on one another for political survival. That’s the landscape in New York where an ugly civil war has erupted thanks to the party’s epic failure in gerrymandering congressional districts for partisan gain that were overturned by the courts and order redrawn by a special master. “I thought it was disrespectful. We’ve served together a long time. He’s running in my district,” Upper East Side congresswoman Carolyn Maloney told The Post of her longtime fellow House member Jerrold Nadler’s sudden announcement that he’d be challenging for her long-held seat after being drawn out of his own. Nadler’s west side base in the 10th congressional district, where he has resided and which he has represented for five decades, was redrawn into Maloney’s 12th congressional district. Proposed court-ordered maps released on Monday to replace the so-called “Hochulmander” under Gov. Kathy Hochul now pit West Side Rep. Nadler against East Side Rep. Maloney by combining the upper east and west sides of Manhattan into one new district. Maloney has represented the East Side for nearly as long and both were first elected to the House of Representatives in 1992. Maloney, 74, said she was stunned when Nadler, 76, put out a statement Monday saying he was running in her district without the courtesy of a phone call. She called Nadler to see if they could work together to try to get the House lines altered. Nadler, according to Maloney, said it was a waste of time and told her to run in another district. Maloney said she’s not backing down. “I’ve never lost an election and I don’t intend to start now,” she told The Post. The friends turned political foes have worked side-by-side on numerous issues, including: legislation to help New York recover from the coronavirus pandemic; co-authoring health laws to aid victims and residents sickened from the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks through the World Trade Health program and Victims’ Compensation Fund; combatting helicopter noise; fighting the massive development plan around Penn Station; and a measure to forbid discrimination against pregnant moms in the workplace. Both appeared outside Trump Tower during former President Donald Trump’s presidency demanding the federal government reimburse the NYPD for the costs of around-the-clock security coverage of the residence. That was then. Manhattan Democratic Party leader Keith Wright said the clash between Nadler and Maloney is unfortunate, saying, “Jerry Nadler and Carolyn Maloney are titans.” Former Gov. David Paterson said, “It’s going to be very hard for Democratic voters to choose between two members of Congress who’ve represented their districts well and serve in leadership positions.” The back-biting extended north to the Hudson and farther upstate after a redrawing of three congressional districts left three Democratic incumbents in the 17th, 18th and 19th scrambling for survival. Even Democratic Party activists said their party’s map drawers overreached with their heavy-handed approach in drawing gerrymandered maps — and are now paying the price. Trying to extend Republican Rep. Nicole Malliotakis’ largely Staten Island district way up into Park Slope in Brooklyn to make it easier for a Democrat to topple the only House GOP congress member from New York City set off red flags, said Arthur Schwartz, law chairman with the Manhattan Democratic Party. Carving another Democratic district that ran from Long Island all the way to Westchester also was a mistake, he said. “The Democrats got what they deserved. They got too cute. You can’t yell `gerrymander!’ and then do it yourself in extreme fashion,” Schwartz said. Like Maloney with Nadler, first-term Rep. Mondaire Jones didn’t take kindly to Sean Patrick Maloney, chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, announcing that he would run in his 17th CD without giving him a heads up. “And I think that tells everything you need to know about Sean Patrick Maloney,” Jones griped to reporters. The redistricting also potentially pits Jones against Rep. Jamaal Bowman who now reside in the same district. Both are black. Maloney is white. Meanwhile, back in Brooklyn, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries was furious that the proposed maps break up the black population centers in the borough and potentially pit him against neighboring Rep. Yvette Clarke. But a loss for some created opportunities for others. Manhattan state Sen. Brad Hoylman announced Tuesday that he will run in the primary for Nadler’s rejiggered 10th congressional district. The district overlaps with his senatorial district that includes Chelsea, Greenwich Village, parts of the Lower East Side and then extends into new territory in Brooklyn by taking in the brownstone neighborhoods of Brooklyn Heights, Park Slope and Boerum and Cobble Hill, among others. Sources said former Mayor Bill de Blasio is also eyeing the Nadler seat. He resides in Park Slope. In a related matter, the newly formed Parent Party has filed a lawsuit to make it easier to qualify for ballot status in light of the legal mess surrounding redistricting. The party supports parental rights such as school choice, term limits and opposes defunding the police. The Parent Party leaders, which recently endorsed presumptive Republican Party designee Lee Zeldin for governor, are urging upstate state Supreme Court Judge Patrick McAllister, who is overseeing the redistricting case, to reduce in half the signature requirements to get on ballot, as was has done during the coronavirus pandemic, and to extend the period to collect independent nominating petitions.