When you’re in the process of buying a place, you might think you know what you’re getting yourself into. But trust us, you’ll never fully appreciate your new home’s eccentricities until you’ve moved in. That said, the only quirks we’ve ever had to deal with are some leaky taps and a mysterious light switch – which is no way near as exciting as this TikToker’s experience. Earlier this year, the American social media user created an entire TikTok account to document her attempt to break into the mysterious safe hiding in her new fireplace. Before she got the keys to her new home, the woman had a hunch that the boxed-off section of the fireplace could be a safe. So naturally, she enlisted her dad for help removing the layers of wood covering the front. In a viral video that’s racked up over 70 MILLION views, she wrote: “I found a safe on the first day in my new house.” And it looks like the new home-owner wasn’t the first person to try and break into it – as weirdly, the front of the safe already had three small holes in the front. Luckily, her dad came armed with a “spy camera” – which is how they spotted some “tumblers” in the left-hand corner – but ultimately couldn’t prise the door open. In a follow-up video, the woman explained how the house had been built in the 1950’s and the people who she bought it from didn’t actually know what was behind the wooden panels. After researching 1980s safes, the woman eventually found the exact model on Google Images. She then called in an expert who confirmed that someone else managed to break it open and unlatched the door from the outside. Delving into the contents of the safe, the woman and her friends discovered a World War II 50th Anniversary coin. What’s more, the safe also contained some gems and playing cards. But most impressively, there was a newspaper from 1850 which had been kept in pristine condition. That said, viewers weren’t impressed by how casually the group handled the contents of the safe. “If that newspaper is really from 1850 and in that good condition, it might be worth something,” one replied. “Y’all should handle with care and get it appraised.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and has been reproduced here with permission.