The Mets will have to trim two players from their active roster by Monday. One of those decisions might have been made for them Saturday night. Reliever Sean Reid-Foley left the 4-1 loss to the Phillies with right elbow discomfort and will undergo an MRI exam on Sunday to determine the severity of the injury. Reid-Foley initially felt the issue in his elbow on the pitch he threw to strike out Nick Castellanos in the eighth inning — “Arm just didn’t want to finish it,” he said — but three pitches later, after trying to pitch through it, he finally motioned to the dugout for the trainer. “Obviously hoping positively, but there’s positives with some negatives also,” Reid-Foley said. “We’ll just go from there. Obviously I want to stay here. This team is unreal, so much fun to play with. It just sucks. It’s like one thing after another, especially with last year’s bone spur. Now this. It’s just frustrating. Worked so hard to get back. It’s like a domino effect almost, but it’s alright.” Reid-Foley, a multi-inning option out of the bullpen, had given up a solo home run to Rhys Hoskins earlier in the inning. He has now given up six runs over 10 innings this season. MLB allowed teams to carry a 28-man roster in April to accommodate for a shortened spring training, but teams must get down to 26 by Monday. The Mets have been carrying 14 pitchers, but Reid-Foley loomed as a potential odd man out. Francisco Lindor and Eduardo Escobar teamed up to pay the fine that teammate Yoan Lopez faced from MLB in the fallout of Wednesday’s benches-clearing saga with the Cardinals. The 29-year-old Lopez, who was optioned to Triple-A Syracuse on Saturday, threw a pitch up-and-in to Nolan Arenado, who believed the pitch was intentional since J.D. Davis had gotten plunked on the foot earlier in the game. “The guy didn’t do it on purpose, number one,” Lindor said Saturday night. “Number two, we’re making more money than him, and he hasn’t been on the team that long. We had to take care of him.” Lopez is in the first year of arbitration, earning the minimum salary of $700,000 when he is in the majors, while Lindor is on a $341 million contract and Escobar is on a $20 million deal. Newsday first reported Lindor and Escobar’s arrangement. Davis, who left Wednesday’s game early after getting hit on the left foot by a pitch, came off the bench Saturday to pinch-hit for James McCann with two on and two outs in the eighth inning. He drew a walk to load the bases and was pinch-run for by Travis Jankowski. Phillies reliever James Norwood, a Manhattan native who graduated from All Hallows High School in The Bronx, recorded his first MLB win after pitching a scoreless sixth inning. Norwood told reporters it was especially meaningful to get the victory back in New York after his father, Mark, passed away last month.