Even after all these years, a woman’s work is still never done, according to a new survey that found 9 out of 10 millennial moms would clone themselves to keep up with daily duties. Researchers polled 2,028 maxed out mamas about the realities of their physical and mental stress loads for the poll conducted by OnePoll on behalf of MDLive medical resource hub. The survey reported 73% of millennial — ages 25 to 40 — matriarchs too often take on the mindset of “I’ll just do it myself” just to make sure the gig gets done right for their families. A whopping 88% of the caretakers said they wanted their own clones because they’re feeling burned out, according to the research published by South West News Service. “Moms are some of the most hardworking people that we all know,” said Dr. Shakira Espada-Campos, behavioral health medical director at MDLive. “They take on so many responsibilities that it can be extremely overwhelming sometimes, so it’s no surprise that they feel overwhelmed most days of the week.” And they’re not just talking an extra set of hands around the house: The average mom said it actually would take four “Stepford” replicas to successfully fulfill their obligations — without stressing them out. New York moms The Post spoke to said the idea of having a clone around the house is no more bizarre than juggling a “full-time job with the ridiculous schedules of my two young kids,” as Rosanne Mottola, 37, of Staten Island, put it. “I spend my entire day double- and triple-booked, juggling many competing priorities,” said Mottola, an internal communications specialist with a 4- and 7-year-old. “This in itself is difficult, but then I also need to cook dinner, clean the house, help the kids with homework and studying and find time to exercise and so on.” Poll respondents had a variety of other roles in mind for their clones: For example, more than half of them would love a “personal assistant” to do their dirty laundry. Mottola said it would be helpful just to cover chauffeur shifts. “This weekend, for example, the kids have track, baseball, soccer, dancing school and dentist appointments,” she said. “I could use a clone just to drive them from place to place.” Meanwhile, 41% of those surveyed said just having someone to make dinner —  likely with that home-cooked touch that only a beloved “Ma” can provide — would make their lives easier. “Although we all like to see them as superheroes, it takes a toll, and moms struggle with their mental health, too,” Espada-Campos said. “They should never feel like they’re alone in their mental health journey or need to suffer in silence. It’s important to be there for them the same way they’re there for everyone else.”