Let’s be honest — Target is the universal hotspot for taking leisurely strolls to peruse the aisles of house cleaning products and bed sheets (with a Starbucks coffee in tow). Though those in-store shopping days are glorious, online shopping during Target’s Memorial Day Sale is just as great. The brand is having incredible deals right now, including 40% off patio furniture, 30% off clothing and swim and up to 50% off toys and outdoor play items. Perhaps you’re in the market for a new air fryer. Or, maybe you’re trying to snag the cutest paperbag shorts or even a Father’s Day gift like men’s shorts. Whatever your mission is, we have you covered. To get you primed and ready for Memorial Day, we rounded up our 15 favorite picks from this year’s sales event. For more shopping, check out deals from Best Buy, HP, Madewell, Sephora and Wayfair, too. Before browsing our top items, click to shop a specific sale at Target: This summer, we’re all about the dresses: from midi dresses to linen dresses. Universal Thread’s Fluter Sleeveless Short Dress comes in a few colors and is less than $20 to honor Target’s Memorial Day Sale. Oh, and we adore the button detailing. If there’s anything our readers are buying right now, it’s outdoor patio furniture. As one of our top destinations to buy sectional sofas, patio tables and more, Target has a lovely Opalhouse Southport Patio Loveseat for more than $150 off this holiday weekend. If you’re looking for the next best thing to keep your toddler entertained, pick up VTech’s Touch & Explore Activity Table. For less than $20 right now, it’s an active, light-up and interactive free-standing toy that they’re sure to love. Enter the quintessential seater that’s bound to be a showpiece in your living room: Threshold’s Prescott Sectional Sofa. It comes in a few different colorways to match your space, and we can’t believe it’s just $500 either. Much like the best less-than-$35 swimsuits you can buy on Amazon, Shade & Shore has a lovely bikini top for just $20 that comes in this on-trend lavender shade for warmer temps. When paired with the matching bottoms, a cover-up and oversized sunglasses, you’ll be ready for the heat. Alert: you need a fire pit for summer. This portable, easy-to-use tabletop fireplace from Project 62 is fairly priced at less than $75 this Memorial Day and is a great addition to your pool lounge chairs, floats and grills for outdoor entertaining. How adorable is Huffy’s 16″ Glitter Kids’ Bike? For just $60, treat the child in your life to a glitter-embossed, warm weather-ready bike they can cycle on during summer break. Plus, the training wheels are a nice touch (and can be removed in the future when needed, making it a lovely, long-lasting purchase.) We recently reviewed a Nespresso coffee machine, and the Vertuo Next Coffee and Espresso Maker is next-level. By choosing pods of your choice, you’ll create barista-style brews in no time (with a countertop staple that’s less than $200!) We reviewed Dyson vacuums and once you go cordless, you’ll never go back. For $100 off, pick up Dyson’s top-rated Outsize Cordless Vacuum Cleaner for powerful suction, efficient cleaning and a fresh-floored result afterward. An air fryer for just $60? Sign us up to make grilled chicken, veggies and hot poppers ASAP. PowerXL — which is a reputable brand, BTW — has a Single Basket Air Fryer that’s well equipped for all your kitchen tasks (especially with a must-buy kitchen gadget). To gear up for Father’s Day (or, simply to shop for the man in your life), Goodfellow & Co. has — drumroll please — unbeatable khaki-colored shorts for just $14. The style comes in other colors, too, so pick them all up while you can. If you want to transform your backyard patio into an oasis, there’s no other showpiece than Opalhouse’s Calla Canopy Patio Accent Chair. For $240, it’s a complete steal, and is perfect for reading with this year’s hottest summer books (perhaps on your Kindle). If you can score a cookware set for less than $170, run — don’t walk. GreenPan has a phenomenal 16-Piece Cookware Set that’s apt for making your favorite dishes, thanks to its durable make. Plus, it’s great to add to a wedding registry. Whether you’re still a proponent of WFH culture or want to give your home office space a revamp (perhaps with our top picks for office chairs), you’re in luck. Costway’s Electric Standing Desk is a must-buy for less than $300 and will instantly give your space an ultra-modern feel. The Knox Rose’s Mid-Rise Paperbag Shorts are a staple you’ll love this summer. They come in a variety of colors and, no doubt about it, you’ll want to pick up every color for just $16 during Target’s Memorial Day Sale. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.