On a quest to help her boyfriend’s “lil minute man,” one woman has sparked big outrage. A TikToker drew criticism after she joked about slipping sexual enhancement supplements into her man’s drink. The unidentified woman is seen in a TikTok video opening a pack of Vital Honey and pouring it into a bottle of Don Julio tequila. “When you need your lil minute man to go rounds tonight,” a caption on the video reads. Vital Honey is advertised as a product that “enriches your body with a sudden boost of vitality and stamina so you can enjoy your romantic pleasures without the struggles of burnout or an unwelcoming early climax.” The video was re-shared by popular TikTok aggregator DJ Chose who did not link back to the original video. The controversial video quickly gathered 226,000 views and 10,300 likes with most viewers typing their disapproval of the idea. “Girl what…” Zoe commented. “Uh I don’t think it’s good to do something like that,” Soup simply put it. “Let’s not,” Socks wrote. “Cute roofie!!” Nyssa Donnelly quipped. “Ummm.. this is illegal..,” Kid_Chai noted. “Did you just drug his drink???” mossthedevouring asked. “Wow, how funny. joking about drugging someone for sexual purposes,” Wolfe replied. “Notice how no one finds this funny,” Daniella noted. “If she made a joke or not it’s still weird asf to put something in somebody else’s drink without them knowing,” Not Live said. On top of many viewers having serious issues with this girlfriend’s actions against her unsuspecting beau, the US Food and Drug Administration recently issued an advisory warning consumers not to buy or use Vital Honey because it contains a hidden drug, tadalafil. Tadalafil is the active ingredient in Cialis, which is used to treat erectile dysfunction, but requires a prescription from a physician. The ingredient may interact with nitrates and lower blood pressure to dangerous levels and can be harmful for people with diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol or heart disease who often take nitrates. Erectile dysfunction affects about 30 million American men, according to the US Department of Health and Human Services, and spending for the three most popular ED drugs totals more than $1 billion worldwide each year. 