Earvin Johnson has lived up to his nickname of “Magic” this season, disappearing from ESPN’s coverage after barely appearing on the network. The Post has learned Johnson will have made a grand total of one appearance on ESPN’s top pregame show, “NBA Countdown,” once this season is over. When ESPN announced its new “NBA Countdown” crew in October, it said, “Naismith Basketball Hall of Famer Earvin ‘Magic’ Johnson will frequently appear as an analyst and will join the team for marquee events throughout the regular season, NBA Playoffs and NBA Finals.” Johnson appeared on one show in early March. That’s it. From what we are told, he is not expected to be on during the Finals. He hasn’t been on any of ABC/ESPN’s marquee events. ESPN provided a statement from Dave Roberts, the head of NBA and studio production for the network. “There have been unexpected scheduling conflicts as Magic continues to expand his business commitments,” Roberts said. “While our new ‘NBA Countdown’ team has been exceptional this season, we have a great relationship with Magic and the door is always open to work together.” The “NBA Countdown” crew this season has been stronger than in past seasons. It features experienced TV performers, from analysts Stephen A. Smith, Michael Wilbon and Jalen Rose to host Mike Greenberg. During the formation of the new group, Smith pushed for his own “Big 3” with Wilbon and Johnson. Smith and Wilbon are both close with the 62-year-old Lakers legend. Sources said Johnson would be amenable to working with ESPN again or appearing on its shows with Roberts leaving the door ajar. This was unofficially Johnson’s third go-around with ESPN/ABC. Fox Sports has shown interest in Drew Brees as its No. 2 analyst now that Greg Olsen has been promoted to team with Kevin Burkhardt on its No. 1 team. Sources said if it is not Brees on the No. 2 squad, then former Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez has a chance to be on Fox’s second team. It is a significant position. Besides receiving the second-best game on the docket each Sunday, Fox has extra playoff games that the second team will call. Joe Davis, who is succeeding Joe Buck as the World Series game-caller, is the favorite to be the No. 2 NFL play-by-player for Fox, though Adam Amin is also ready for such a spot. Sanchez impressed Fox Sports producers in his first year after moving over from ESPN. Of course, in this crazy NFL TV offseason, Fox made the biggest splash of them all by signing Tom Brady to a 10-year, $375 million deal. Brady, who will be 45 when the NFL season starts, is not scheduled to begin his broadcasting career until after he is done playing. There is a chance, if the Buccaneers fall in or fail to make the playoffs, that Brady could join Fox for the postseason, which concludes with the Super Bowl. Papa Clicker writes that “True: The Four Seasons of Jackie Robinson”, by Kostya Kennedy is an excellent way to learn more about this great player and person. Kennedy focuses on four years in Robinson’s life: 1946, when he played with the minor league Montreal team; 1949, his year as the league MVP; 1956, his last year as a player; and 1972, the year of his death. Papa Clicker gives “True” an outstanding 4.5 clickers out of 5.