A missing Milwaukee mother believed to be the victim of foul play has been found dead, police said. Emily Rogers, 23, who was last seen in her hometown on April 26, was identified as a “critical missing person” by Milwaukee cops on Tuesday. Her body was discovered Thursday in nearby St. Francis, police said. “This remains an open and ongoing investigation,” Milwaukee police said in a statement. “Multiple suspects are in custody related to this investigation.” A Milwaukee police spokesperson declined to release further information Friday on the individuals in custody, aside to say criminal charges were expected to be filed by prosecutors in coming days. One of the people in custody is Rogers’ boyfriend, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported, citing info from the county Medical Examiner’s Office and social media posts suggesting they were in a relationship. The social media posts suggest the man in custody is the father of Rogers’ 1-year-old daughter, who was also believed to be missing but was found safe on Tuesday, the Journal Sentinel reported. Investigators had reason to believe Rogers’ disappearance was involuntary and that she may have been the victim of “foul play,” police said Tuesday. “The Milwaukee Police Department send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of Emily Rogers that are impacted by this tragedy,” police said following Thursday’s discovery behind a building in the Milwaukee suburb. Rogers’ autopsy had been scheduled for Friday, WTMJ reported. “Of course we are saddened and heartbroken about our daughter, but on the other hand, we are just as happy that she was located and we’ll be able to bring her home,” Emily’s father, Terry Rogers, told the station. “We’ll have some closure that way.” Terry Rogers also thanked the volunteers who helped search for his daughter. “She was a loving mother, she was a loving daughter,” the grieving dad continued. “She always looked for the positive in life.” Rogers’ mother, Amy, said she had moved to Milwaukee from Texas nearly seven months ago to reconnect with the father of her 15-month-old daughter, WTMJ reported. Police have filed a non-disclosure order in connection to Rogers’ autopsy, a Milwaukee County Medical Examiner’s Office spokeswoman told The Post. All homicides investigated by Milwaukee cops have such orders put in place due to ongoing investigations, a police spokesman said.