Armie Hammer’s new starring role is a far cry from a comeback vehicle. An upcoming true crime docuseries focusing on the sexual assault allegations — and viral cannibalism claims — surrounding the actor is coming to Discovery+ and ID. Now in production under the working title “House of Hammer,” the already-buzzy show will center on the 35-year-old’s headline-grabbing sexual abuse allegations, as well as his infamous family empire. “Debauchery. Deceit. Abuse. Addiction. Corruption. Over the course of five generations, the men in the Hammer family have more secrets and scandals than any vault can contain,” according to a statement released by the streaming platforms. “Armie Hammer’s alleged crimes are only the tip of the iceberg.” Among the meaty topics likely to be covered: Page Six’s own Francesca Bacardi’s bombshell exclusive with Hammer’s ex Courtney Vucekovich, who dropped jaws with her claim that Hammer wanted to “break my rib and barbecue and eat it.” “ ‘F – – k that was weird,’ but you never think about it again,” app founder Vucekovich said at the time, detailing how she overlooked his strange behavior during their relationship. “He says, ‘I want to take a bite out of you.’ If I had a little cut on my hand, he’d like suck it or lick it. That’s about as weird as we got.” Meanwhile, the doc also will dive into five generations of Hammer family secrets using “a trove of archive and interviews from survivors and family members” to examine “a dysfunctional dynasty with its male characters exhibiting all the devastating consequences of privilege gone wild,” according to Variety. The “Social Network” star also was accused last year of “violently” raping a woman named Effie. He also allegedly sent several women graphic sexual messages about rape and cannibalism. Hammer has since denied the reports against him. Effie claimed Hammer “mentally, emotionally and sexually abused her during their four-year relationship,” the Sun reported at the time the news surfaced. Hammer had previously referenced a penchant for rough sex, but went on to claim marrying now-estranged-wife Elizabeth Chambers had changed his tastes. “I liked the grabbing of the neck and the hair and all that. But then you get married and your sexual appetites change,” he told Playboy in 2013. “And I mean that for the better — it’s not like I’m suffering in any way. But you can’t really pull your wife’s hair. It gets to a point where you say, ‘I respect you too much to do these things that I kind of want to do.’ ” He later blamed the overshare on imbibing a bit too much alcohol prior to the interview: “Let’s just say hindsight is 20/20,” Hammer told E! News. “Don’t drink during an interview.” Hammer was later dropped from projects such as the Jennifer Lopez rom-com “Shotgun Wedding,” the Paramount+ miniseries “The Offer” and the thriller “Billion Dollar Spy.” He was last seen in the 2022 ensemble mystery-drama “Death on the Nile.” She asked to be awarded primary physical custody of their children, Harper, 7, and Ford, 5, with joint legal custody for Hammer in a divorce filing in 2020. “Thirteen years as best friends, soulmates, partners and then parents. It has been an incredible journey, but together, we’ve decided to turn the page and move on from our marriage,” they shared on both of their Instagram accounts at the time. “As we enter into this next chapter, our children and relationship as co-parents and dear friends will remain our priority.” Hammer spent nine months in 2021 rejuvenating at a rehab center in Florida. This past March, the “Call Me By Your Name” actor’s mom, Dru, was overheard by a Page Six insider saying that he’s “done great” in the last year. Discovery+ will also be dropping specials about other crime spectacles such as the Gabby Petito tragedy, the killer Menendez brothers and the murders of rap gods Tupac Shakur and Notorious B.I.G.