With long sleeves and a skin-tight fit, Kim Kardashian’s floor-length Skims dress is not your typical warm-weather getup — and yet, it’s the hottest must-have of the summer. The figure-accentuating frock is spurring a frenzy amongst online style forecasters who are hailing her black Soft Lounge Long-Sleeve Dress — made out of a semisynthetic yet eco-friendly alternative to cotton — the most coveted couture of the coming season. Offering modish tastemakers a sleek, hourglass silhouette reminiscent to that of Kardashian, 41, the $88 onyx slip dress is completely out of stock — not surprising, owing to the more than 204,000 tags the #SkimsLongSleeveDress has garnered from TikTok fashionistas. Skims did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for a comment on the dress’ long-awaited restock in all sizes. However, its website does allow anxious shoppers, who are fearful of missing the next restock of the frock in a specific size, to join the waitlist, which is an email alert set to notify customers whenever their desired garb is replenished. But fashion foreseer Elizabeth Kando — who scored a staggering 3.2 million online views in a social media clip featuring her slim frame in the craved column — counts herself lucky for having snagged the in-demand dress in a size XS at the top of the year. “It’s the perfect summer wardrobe staple because it’s eye catching and timeless,” Kando, 21, told The Post. “Even though the dress is long-sleeve, I find that it’s still lightweight, breathable and supportive,” the Scottsdale, Arizona resident added, noting that she’s happily sported the floor-length dress when temperatures in her area climbed above a scorching 100 degrees. “When it’s hot out, I’m always looking for something that’s easy to throw on and can be dressed up or down depending on what the occasion is,” said Kando. “And [this dress] works wonders every time.” In addition to creating cyber buzz in the ensemble, which ignited a firestorm of honeyed praises from impressed digital commentators saying, “I need this dress” and “OK, now I wanna splurge on [this dress],” Kando is also often inundated with cheers from fans of the look in real life. “I get a lot of compliments whenever I wear it out and it makes me feel really good,” she said, nodding to its stretchy fit and buttery smooth feel. “Any time I wear the dress I feel a major confident boost because of how flattering it is.” And despite the shoulder-to-wrist arm coverage the clinging fit provides, Kando labels it the “perfect summer piece” for its stylish versatility. “It’s extremely lightweight and easy to move around in,” she raved. “And I love that there are so many different ways to get creative with the dress — you can dress it up with some heels and jewelry or wear sneakers and go with a more casual look.” And like-minded social media divas on Twitter are also not deterred by the dress’ more winter-friendly design. “[I] need the long sleeve lounge dress from Skims,” tweeted a fashion boundary-pusher with 20,000 followers Friday, punctuating the proclamation with the crying face emoji. “The long sleeve skims dress been sold out in my size for months now [Kim Kardashian] restock babe,” penned another Twitter user, tagging the reality star-turned-couturier’s verified account. And even though Kardashian’s plans to restock the enviable ensemble remain unknown, Kando encourages women of all body types to add the attire to the summertime must-have list as soon as possible. “It fits all shapes and sizes,” she said. “And it’s great to see other women on social media share videos of them feeling confident in the dress and showing how they style the piece, which I think brings a lot much needed body positivity to the platform.”