Casey White is shattered by the death of his former jailer Vicky White, whom he “really loved,” the captured inmate’s mom has revealed. “They were just two people who really loved each other. It’s just so sad and I worry [for Casey],” his mother, Connie Moore, 62, told the Daily Mail in an interview published Friday. Moore said she spoke to her grieving son in jail the day prior about the death of Vicky, who turned the gun herself as authorities closed in on the fugitive couple. “I spoke to him yesterday and he was crying and saying he couldn’t believe she was gone,” Moore said at her home in Athens, Alabama. Moore said although the couple was never married, her son considered Vicky his wife. “He was calling her his wife even when he was in prison. I just sort of went along with it. I didn’t say, ‘You shouldn’t,’ or whatever. It made him happy,” Moore told the outlet. “Vicky was really, really good to him — just being there for him, talking with him. They had a real thing,” she said. Moore said she was aware of their relationship while her son behind bars was awaiting trial on capital murder charges in Lauderdale Correctional Facility, “He talked to me for over a year about how he had a friend, how nice she was and how he loved her,” Moore told the outlet. “He never told me her name and I was shocked when I learned who it was, but he would never hurt her. I told the FBI and the Marshals, too, that he would not hurt her,” she added, referring to earlier speculation that he pulled the trigger. The mom told the Daily Mail that Vicky was one of the few “good women” in Casey’s life, adding that all of his problems stemmed from drugs and the wrong kind of women. “All of the women he’s been with have emotional problems and Casey has a big heart and just wants to help people,” she said. “Growing up he was just a basic country kid. He was always tall, but nobody tried to pick a fight with Casey because of it. He was never violent but when there were drugs there, he would do them and it went from bad to worse,” Moore said about her 6-foot-9 son. She said she doesn’t know what the couple’s endgame was after Vicky helped Casey escape from lockup by lying about taking him to a mental health evaluation. “I don’t know what she was thinking (in the end). They couldn’t have got out and run, Casey couldn’t run and where would he hide if he did?” Moore said. “I don’t know what happened. I know that Casey wasn’t the mastermind of anything. She was the brains — we know that for sure,” she said. “I don’t know if maybe she had given up on life. She just started writing him letters and it went from there.” “I think maybe she was infatuated with the idea of it and the idea of Casey. I don’t know. All I know is it’s sad and it was real,” Moore said. When police rammed the Cadillac that Vicky was driving during the fateful pursuit, she shouted in a 911 call, “Airbags are gonna go off and kill us! Get us back to the f—- hotel!” Seconds later, she turned the gun on herself. Asked if she had a message for Vicky’s family, Moore said: “I would just say I’m very sorry about it and from all that I’ve heard from Casey and from everyone, she was a very good person. “I just hate it with all my heart that it happened,” she added.