Liz Cambage denies calling members of Team Nigeria monkeys during a skirmish at a pre-Olympic scrimmage last year. Earlier this month, Jenna O’Hea, the captain of Team Australia, alleged that Cambage, her former teammate, told Nigerian players to “go back to your Third World Country”. A subsequent report came out in the Telegraph, with anonymous Nigerian players accusing Cambage of calling them monkeys. “That’s what I recall, the term monkeys, yes. And go back to where you came from,” a Nigerian player told the Telegraph. “She definitely did use monkeys or monkey.” “I was on the court. She definitely said go back to your Third World country,” another anonymous player said. “I didn’t hear it, but [teammates] confirmed she called us monkeys.” Cambage, in a statement on her Instagram page, said that the incident was handled “privately” nearly a year ago. “I am very disappointed and hurt by the events and accusations that have unfolded in the Australian media,” Cambage wrote. “The recount of what took place is inaccurate and misleading. I did not use the racial slur towards the Nigerian team that has been circulated.” Cambage claims that she committed a foul on a Nigerian player and was subsequently “physically assaulted” by her, walking away after being hit in the face and pushed to the ground. She says she had asked to sit out of the game to address her mental and physical health. “We did not have professional referees to manage and prioritize both teams’ safety during this highly physical scrimmage,” Cambage wrote. “This is not an excuse or justification to the events that unfolded, or my actions, however, I feel that a full picture of the environment that led to this outcome must be shared. “I have taken full responsibility and accountability for my involvement in what occurred. I genuinely apologized to the Nigerian team and I once again, am sorry that these events are being rehashed.” Cambage, whose father is Nigerian, dropped out of the Olympics, citing mental health concerns. She currently plays for the Los Angeles Sparks in the WNBA.