US Rep. Tony Gonzales (R-Texas) claimed Friday that mass shooter Salvador Ramos was arrested four years ago after telling people he planned to shoot up a school once he turned 18 — but the pol later backtracked and said it was “unclear” if the teen was involved in the plot. A Fox News correspondent later said in a tweet that law enforcement denied the claim, saying two teens had been arrested on conspiracy charges in a 2018 plot — but that Ramos was not one of them. “The shooter was arrested years ago, four years ago, for having this plan for basically saying, you know, when I’m a senior in 2022, I am going to shoot up a school,” Gonzales claimed on Fox News. “Something fell between the cracks between then and now to allow this to happen. We need to shake out all the facts. We need to figure out what happened,” he continued. “Where the holes [are] and we need to make sure it doesn’t happen again. But if law enforcement, you know, identified him four years ago as a threat, we need to figure out why he wasn’t — you know, how he got removed from that,” the pol added. Authorities previously said Ramos had no known criminal history — but Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said they weren’t sure whether he had a juvenile record, which are often sealed. “He may have had a juvenile record, but that is yet to be determined,” Abbott said at a press conference earlier this week. The Uvalde Police Department and the Texas Department of Public Safety did not immediately respond to requests for comment about Gonzales’ claims. Fox News correspondent Bill Melugin said in a tweet Friday that the Texas Department of Public Safety and the Texas Rangers told him the congressman’s claims were incorrect. “There were two juveniles arrested on conspiracy charges for a shooting plot several years back, but the Uvalde shooter was not involved in that incident and was not arrested,” he said he was told. Gonzales told The Post in an email later that “it is now unclear if the shooter was one of the two kids detained … if this was not the shooter, we need to find out who these kids are, where they are now, and if they were classmates of the shooter. There is a clear need for mental health resources in our community.” He added that “four years ago, Uvalde Police Department did their job and identified credible threats to a local school. There are multiple agencies on the ground in Uvalde currently and I am getting updated information by the minute. We will continue to revise as we learn more.” It was previously reported that two Uvalde teens had been arrested on charges of conspiracy to commit murder in connection with an alleged plot to shoot up a school in 2018. Uvalde Police Chief Daniel Rodriguez said a 14-year-old Morales Junior High School student and a 13-year-old former Morales student planned to perform a “mass casualty event against the school,” KENS 5 reported that year, citing a press release. The suspects were reportedly partly motivated by the massacre at Columbine High School in Colorado, where 12 students and a teacher were killed in 1999. “The investigation revealed that the students were infatuated with the Columbine High School shootings and identified themselves to the shooters,” authorities said, according to KENS 5. “The investigation uncovered that the students even referred to themselves using the Columbine shooters’ names,” they reportedly added. Investigators believed the boys were planning to launch the attacks during their senior year, but one of them told the other they should move the attacks up to 2018, according to KENS 5. “One of the students had numerous writings and drawings which depicted weapons capable of causing mass destruction. He wrote about being ‘God-like’ and killing police and other persons,” the release said, the outlet reported. “He had an academic analysis of one of the Columbine shooter’s journals,” according to the release, which reportedly added that the teens also were planning on detonating improvised explosive devices before killing students from a list “ranked by priority.” Both students were reportedly evaluated by mental health services — and the older one was released into his mother’s care, KENS 5 said. They boys were later taken into custody again and charged with conspiracy to commit murder, according to the outlet.