Dwayne Haskins “drank heavily” before being struck and killed on a South Florida highway on April 9, medical examiner reports that were released on Monday concluded. The Miami Herald reported two samples collected for a toxicology report revealed a .20 and .24 blood-alcohol level for the 24-year-old NFL quarterback. The legal BAC limit to drive in Florida is .08. A 911 report from Haskins’ wife, Kalabrya Haskins, on the morning of the quarterback’s death indicated that he was walking on the highway because he ran out of gas. Dwayne Haskins died after being struck by a dump truck, and he had reportedly attempted to wave down cars from the shoulder before he was hit. The medical examiner report stated that an unnamed “female companion” who was in Haskins’ car on the side of I-595 in Broward County told police Haskins was looking for gas. It is unclear what her relationship with Haskins was, according to the report. A member of the Pittsburgh Steelers organization told police that Haskins had been training in South Florida with teammates, and after training went to dinner with his cousin, Joey, later going to a club that was “possibly” in Miami. Per the report: “They drank heavily and at some point, they got into a fight, separating.” Haskins also tested positive for ketamine and norketamine, which are drugs that could be used either recreationally or medically. Ketamine is an anesthetic; norketamine is a metabolite of ketamine. There was no explanation provided for why the drugs were in his system. “I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to every loving soul who has supported our family during this arduous time of loss. The overwhelming thoughts and prayers have been fuel for our emotional depletion. All of your blessings have been greatly valued and appreciated,” Haskins’ wife, Kalabrya, said in a statement posted on the Steelers’ website shortly after her husband’s death in April. The two were married in March 2021. “The meaningful touches and impact Dwayne made as a husband, son, brother, teammate and friend is a timeless treasure imbrued in our hearts,” the statement continued. “I am truly grateful to everyone who has been by our side as we mourn his untimely passing. Our family implores for your continued prayers, yet continued respectful privacy as we painfully grieve.” Haskins starred at Ohio State, and was selected No. 15 overall by the Washington Commanders in the 2019 NFL Draft. He started 13 games for the team in two seasons, and joined the Steelers last year in a reserve role. ESPN’s Adam Schefter, in apologizing for a tweet that insensitively summarized Haskins’ struggles as a professional quarterback in announcing his death, spoke about the way Haskins was fitting in with the Pittsburgh organization as he sought to rebound his career. “Every day when he left practice, he would bump fists with head coach Mike Tomlin, [former] general manager Kevin Colbert and team president Art Rooney — which was his way of showing that he was grateful to be a member of the organization,” Schefter said. In a statement on behalf of Haskins’ widow, Kalabrya, attorney Rick Ellsley said: “On behalf of Dwayne’s wife, his family, and his memory, and on behalf of the truth, we respectfully request and pray for privacy, for patience, and for the public to withhold any judgment during this period while the law enforcement authorities continue to investigate and conduct their important work.”