“History will be kind to me,” Winston Churchill said, “because I intend to write it.” Britain’s great statesman did as he promised, but Joe Biden has an even sweeter deal. He doesn’t need to put pen to paper because a cottage industry of so-called journalists is already twisting truth to make the failing president a victim, if not a hero. It’s as if somebody in an old newsroom called out, “Sweetheart, get me rewrite,” and a thousand scribes raised their hands to volunteer to make Biden look like something other than the second coming of Jimmy Carter. History, schmistory. No need to wait — this is fiction on the fly! “What Choice Does Biden Have?” The New Yorker magazine asked, before answering: “With the impending evisceration of Roe v. Wade, partisanship is the only course for a President in our broken system.” See, the “system” is always “broken” when Democrats don’t get their way. Only when they win is America a real democracy. And by saying “partisanship” is the only lane open for Biden, the implication is that up to now Old Joe has been the bipartisan uniter he promised to be at his inauguration. That’s when he used the word “unity” or synonyms 19 times. My favorite line was when he declared, “This is a great nation and we are a good people.” The momentary bow to patriotism came after a campaign where he blasted the nation as “systemically racist” and before he denounced voter-ID laws as “Jim Crow 2.0.” Since then, his administration has effectively defined “extremist” as anybody who disagrees with its far-left dogma, including parents objecting to school racial and sexual indoctrination. After the Supreme Court’s abortion draft leaked, he called the “MAGA crowd” the “most extreme political organization in US history.” But definitely let’s have unity —and a kooky Minister of Disinformation to make sure only officially approved messages get heard! The New York Times, never at a loss for creative narratives, came up with its own twist on the “broken system” theme by citing the leak of the draft opinion as proof “the Court is too political.” In case you missed the talking point, the Times also helpfully claimed the leak “Delivers Blow to the Court’s Legitimacy.” Denying legitimacy to people, institutions and ideas is another trick the left uses when it doesn’t get its way. But the scam has lost its sting from overuse because the Times routinely blasts conservative moves as the end of all “norms” as we know them. Meanwhile, the left-wing media doesn’t have a single unkind word to say about the unprecedented leak itself. Imagine if it had come from a conservative Court clerk. But we know it didn’t because not a single Democrat — not even the president — condemned the leak or the leaker. Long live the Deep State, as long as it’s on your side. Notice, too, that neither the White House nor congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer condemned the radical leftists who published the home addresses of six conservative justices and promised to protest outside their houses. Schumer instead gave a speech that revealed how far off the beam he is, with his insistence that the justices “have lied to the US Senate, ripped up the Constitution, and defiled both precedent and the Supreme Court’s reputation.” This is civil war level fiery and drew the ire of GOP colleagues, who accused him of slandering the justices and of trying to intimidate the court. Guilty as charged, but so what? There are no consequences because at this stage of the Dems’ devolution into a snarling mob, there isn’t much difference between the supposed moderate wing and the wingnuts. For all practical purposes, they are one and the same. And that remains the central mystery of the Biden presidency – how and why did that happen? How did a career moderate create perhaps the most radical administration in history? Here was an unlikely president, old and in obvious decline, who had the narrowest possible majorities in Congress at a time of intense polarization. The logical path forward was bipartisan moderation, with Biden using his Senate relationships to make progress on widely shared priorities. Had he followed the script of his inaugural speech, the nation could have moved forward and caught its breath after the tumult of COVID and the riotous end of the Trump term. Instead, Biden got it into his head he was the new FDR, started going far left, kept going and has never stopped. His signature first move — killing the Keystone XL pipeline and 11,000 union jobs — never made sense and has come back to haunt him with soaring energy prices a major contributor to the inflation hammering American families and his approval ratings. Biden’s M.O. seemed to be to undo everything Trump did, including the successful things. Stopping construction of the wall and inviting all of Central America to come in created an illegal immigration crisis that will bedevil the nation and his successors for a generation. To hide the impact, the White House is using secret nighttime flights to distribute tens of thousands of unvetted border crossers to various cities. And yet Biden still refuses to shut the damn spigot. His sudden withdrawal from Afghanistan, against common sense and the advice of his commanders, led to the Taliban takeover, 13 dead American service members and national humiliation. And it surely helped persuade Vladimir Putin and other autocrats that Biden’s America was in retreat. The Ukraine slaughter probably will not be the only result of Biden’s fecklessness. There were other forays into foolishness, too, including pushing the Green New Deal and the Build Back Better monstrosities and staying silent about the bloody crime wave engulfing most cities. Each blunder underscores the mystery that hangs over this White House: Why, Joe Biden, did you sacrifice your presidency and American progress on the altar of the far left?