You can now officially file President Joe Biden’s claim that he’s “never spoken” to his son Hunter about his business activities with his claims that  inflation is “transitory” and the border is “under control.” The Post reported that Joe allegedly agreed to pay more than $800,000 in legal bills Hunter racked up, including bills related to his overseas businesses. This comes on the heels of revelations that Hunter alleged his father was taking half his salary. It would be literally impossible to set up these arrangements without talking business. So the prez has been outright lying. Just as Hunter’s business partner Tony Bobulinski said months ago. Want more evidence? Consider The Post’s revelation of the direct sit-down Joe had as veep with another Hunter partner, Eric Schwerin, then serving as president of investment fund Rosemont Seneca Partners. We still don’t know what they discussed. Or what was said on the (at least) 19 occasions Schwerin visited the White House and other official locations from 2009 to 2015.  Asked about these shady details, chief Biden flack Jen Psaki responded: “I don’t have any information on that.” The future MSNBC star doesn’t want to know. Even the Secret Service is playing dumb. It recently and unbelievably told The Post it has no relevant records on who’s visited the prez at his Delaware homes, as if knowing weren’t central to its job. And these are just the latest signs that Hunter (like Joe’s brother Jim before him) was running an influence-peddling business with his dad as the chief inventory. For one, we now know Joe wrote college recommendation letters for kids of one of Hunter’s Chinese associates, met with Hunter’s other business partner Devon Archer and also an exec of Burisma, the Ukrainian energy company that paid Hunter for $50k a month as a “board member.” Plus, Bobulinski fingered Joe as the “big guy” slated for a juicy slice of a Hunter project in China. The incuriosity of most media institutions on all this remains appalling. And worse:  Wikipedia deleted its entry for Rosemont Seneca on the grounds that it lacked notability. That “see no evil” approach explains exactly how Joe and Hunter (and Jim before him)  could be so obvious about their business entanglements and expect to get away with it. Yet the public isn’t fooled. Some 60% percent of registered voters, per a Harvard/Harris poll, believe Hunter sold access to his dad; 58% think Joe was involved in Hunter’s business. And 67% percent believe that these are impeachable offenses, if proven true. Even if all the facts don’t come out at Hunter’s trial, Republicans are sure to hold high-profile hearings once they retake Congress. Which means Biden’s time in office will soon be even more of a nightmare for the nation.