An arrest warrant has been issued for former NFL star Earl Thomas, who police say has violated a protective order two or more times in the past year by sending threatening messages to a woman concerning her and her children. Online court records for Travis County, Texas, show the warrant, which was issued by a judge in Austin on April 27, is active. As of Friday, Thomas had not been booked into jail. According to the Austin American-Statesman, the arrest affidavit stated Thomas only could communicate with the woman through a co-parenting phone application. The woman has told police that he will not download the app, reaches out to her by phone and shows up places she frequents. According to the paper, the woman recently alleged Thomas began texting her threats. On April 18, police said Thomas told her he obtained two handguns. According to the report, he later texted: “Waiting on hand in foot is why I’ll kick ur ass.” According to the report, police said Thomas texted the next day: “I hope u in the car with him and the kids and yall drive off the road.” Also on April 19, police say he texted the woman: “Ima let my momma and my cousins poison they [their children] ass.” Trey Dolezal, a lawyer and sports agent who reportedly is representing Thomas in his divorce, told the paper that the warrant concerns Thomas wanting to see his children. His wife, Nina, filed for divorce in November 2020, seven months after she allegedly pointed a gun at his head over his alleged adultery. “They were consciously and collectively working together to see his kids,” Dolezal told the outlet about Thomas’ reaching out. “I don’t really understand how he could be in violation by working together to visit with his children.” Thomas, who turned 33 on Saturday, told ESPN two weeks ago he plans to return to the NFL. The seven-time Pro Bowl safety, mostly with the Seahawks, last played a game in 2019. He was released by the Ravens in August 2020 after he punched teammate Chuck Clark during a training-camp practice.