Johnny Depp’s $50 million defamation trial continued on Monday with testimony heard from the actor’s security guard, Travis McGivern — which also put a rare spotlight on his California real estate. McGivern outlined alleged abuse by Depp’s ex-wife Amber Heard in 2015 when they lived together at the multicolored Eastern Columbia Building in downtown Los Angeles, where Depp, 58, owned five penthouses. According to McGivern, Heard in one instance allegedly struck Depp in the face, forcing McGivern to intervene. The incident allegedly occurred in one of the penthouse pads. Depp later listed and sold all five penthouses for a combined $12.78 million, records show, following his split with Heard, now 36. Each of the five units on the penthouse floor were separated and decorated with Depp’s eccentric style. Photos obtained by Jam Press show the interior when Depp listed the units. But it was a stage for allegedly bitter disputes. In his testimony, McGivern explained how the former couple’s fights at home escalated to the point that it would turn physical, claiming Heard threw a Red Bull can and a bag at Depp before “spitting on him.” Depp retaliated by going upstairs and throwing her clothes and bag down, McGivern added, saying that both actors participated in “verbal vitriol.” “The F-word is my favorite word, and it was being thrown around to the point where I was uncomfortable,” McGivern testified. He claimed that Heard then punched Depp. “We were in the office level, the middle level. She was agitated. Mr. Depp was agitated. I felt it was time to get Mr. Depp out of the situation,” McGivern said. “I stepped in between Ms. Heard and Mr. Depp, telling Mr. Depp we were leaving, and it wasn’t up to him anymore.” “At that point out of the corner of my eye I saw a fist and an arm come across my right shoulder, and I heard and saw a closed fist contact Mr. Depp in the left side of his face.” Decor, as seen in the images, includes zebra wallpaper, a colorful mural by Brazilian street artists Osgemeos in the dining room, a den-style lounge with a plush armchair and a cinema-style screen, an industrial kitchen, and a bedroom decorated with an orange-and-blue palette. Amenities include a rooftop swimming pool. And perhaps as a nod to Depp’s role in the “Pirates of the Caribbean” movie franchise, framed pictures of an animated pirate with a hooked hand and an old ship hang on the walls. Meanwhile, this isn’t the only property where things allegedly took a turn for the worst. The infamous Australian house where the former couple’s two Yorkshire terriers, Pistol and Boo, were held hostage after they were illegally smuggled into the country is reportedly where Depp’s house manager, Ben King, testified about finding the actor’s severed finger  after Heard allegedly threw a vodka bottle at him.