Sixteen games fill out the Tuesday MLB schedule and a number are catching meaningful betting attention. The Action Network PRO Report designates five factors — sharp money, big money, PRO systems, model edge, and expert picks — to help distinguish certain plays from others available. Head here for a full breakdown of the slate, but for now, here are three plays triggering a majority of the above signals. Neither side is catching meaningful attention in the second game of the doubleheader, but bettors are flocking to this total. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on under 7.5 runs. Most books have held steady at that number, but we are seeing one book offer under 7 runs at +100. Additionally, big money is supporting the under as well. At this writing, that side of the total has seen 54 percent of all total bets against 75 percent of the total handle. Plus, this total also carries an edge based on model projections. According to Action Network MLB power ratings, the total for this contest should be set closer to 6.62, giving bettors plenty of expected value. PRO Report Pick: Under 7.5 Runs (-110) or Under 7 Runs (+102 BetRivers Sportsbook) Although the Reds own the worst record in baseball, bettors are giving it some attention ahead of Tuesday’s matchup with the Brewers. We’ve tracked sharp action coming in on visiting Cincinnati, which opened as +175 underdogs but now has a top price of +200 on the moneyline. Additionally, big-money bettors are getting behind the Reds as well. As of this writing, the Reds have seen only 19 percent of all moneyline wagers, but 47 percent of the total moneyline handle. Finally, one top MLB expert from The Action Network is backing the Reds tonight to give its moneyline three of a possible five signals. PRO Report Pick: Cincinnati Reds Moneyline (+200 on FanDuel)  The Royals opened as +110 home underdogs to the Cardinals, but have since seen a lot of the betting attention. Sharp action has come in on the Royals, who will send Brad Keller to the mound Tuesday. Additionally, big money is supporting the Royals in a big way. At this writing, Kansas City has seen only 22 percent of all moneyline bets but 55 percent of the total moneyline handle. That percentage discrepancy qualifies the Royals as the largest such difference amongst Tuesday’s underdogs. Finally, not one but TWO MLB experts from The Action Network are supporting the Royals tonight to round out the three signals going in its favor. PRO Report Pick: Kansas City Royals Moneyline (+100 on BetMGM)