The baby formula crisis is the perfect example of how detached the Biden administration is from the American people it was elected to represent. This has been a recurring pattern persisting throughout President Biden’s tenure. He is warned about a potential crisis, the administration ignores it, the problem metastasizes, and still there is no sense of urgency. Until finally, begrudgingly, Biden holds a press conference and blames everyone else. Contrary to what press secretary Jen Psaki says, the administration did nothing but sit on its hands until the formula shortage hit critical mass last week. In November 2021, reports began to emerge that baby formula inventories were declining at retail outlets throughout the country. The administration ignored these reports. In February, the Food and Drug Administration closed the Abbott Laboratories baby-formula plant in Sturgis, Mich., following reports of potential contamination. Again, the Biden administration did nothing. That same month, Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-NY) sent a letter to the FDA highlighting the dangerous position parents were in. That’s February. Yet on Friday, three months later, Biden insultingly dismissed criticism by saying, “If we had been better mind readers I guess we could have” handled things better. They didn’t need to read minds. They just needed to read. The same thing happened with inflation. In May 2021, former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers warned Biden that his administration was “taking very substantial risks on the inflation side” and continuing to print money was unsustainable. His concerns were dismissed, and administration officials said any inflation would be transitory. As inflation continues to crush American households, gas prices continue to surge. This administration has shown no willingness to pivot from its agenda to bring down gas prices and bring relief to all Americans. Instead, it continues to double down on a green energy agenda that isn’t ready for prime time at the expense of ordinary Americans who are having to make difficult financial decisions just to survive. As the border crisis continues unabated, with the flow of illegal migrants and illegal narcotics, the president and our border czar, Vice President Kamala Harris, have not made any attempts to secure the border. Hundreds of thousands of American families have been destroyed by the synthetic opioids flowing across the border, and, unfortunately, we are on pace to beat last year’s record opioid-related deaths. Apparently, America doesn’t have a right to protect its sovereignty and its people, but the administration continues to fight hard for the territorial integrity of other countries. When we think of inflation, baby formula shortages and the bare shelves, it’s more reminiscent of Venezuela than the United States. Rather than show empathy, the administration remains out of touch, displaying a disregard for the problems confronting ordinary Americans. This is not similar to the malaise of the Carter administration that the American people had to endure. This is just a glimpse of the socialist paradise ushered in by the Biden administration. Nicholas Giordano is a full-time tenured professor of political science and the host of The P.A.S. Report Podcast.