Disgraced ex-Gov. Andrew Cuomo could get another crack at getting on the ballot to take on his former No. 2 and successor, Gov. Kathy Hochul in the Democratic primary, The Post has learned. A plaintiff seeking to intervene in the Albany redistricting case is asking the judge to reopen the petitioning period for statewide primary elections — opening the door for a potential Cuomo reemergence. Political gadfly Gary Greenberg filed papers to intervene in the case, which urges Steuben County state Supreme Court Judge Patrick McAllister to redo the Assembly lines as well as the so-called Democratic-drawn congressional “Hochulmander” — which was tossed out for illegally partisan gerrymandering — in addition to Senate maps invalidated for procedural reasons. But Greenberg also requested that the judge push back the June 28 statewide and Assembly primaries to August while reopening petitioning for those races. That would enable Cuomo and others not running to gather voter signatures to get on the ballot in primary races for governor, lieutenant governor, attorney general or comptroller. Greenberg said the voter signatures collected for statewide races were based on district lines that violated a 2014 amendment to the state constitution and therefore the petitioning should be redone. “We should use constitutional lines and have all the primaries in one day,” he said. “Cuomo could run if he wants to. It’s up to him,” Greenberg said. Greenberg has been a bit of a Cuomo booster. He contributed $15,000 to Cuomo’s campaign committee in 2016, state Board of Election records show. And he praised Cuomo on Twitter after he was forced to resign in a sexual harassment scandal. “Democrats in NY who prematurely and without due process forced Cuomo to resign in a political coup are in a state of panic,” Greenberg tweeted last month. “Shout out to Cuomo Administration for their mobile sports betting plan. MANY doubters back in 2021, few believer’s like myself who thought plan would work,” Greenberg tweeted in March. “And thank you @andrewcuomo for standing up to extremist in the legislature who were against the Cuomo mobile sports betting plan . We are seeing now with a late budget how New York misses your leadership!,” Greenberg tweeted last month. Albany insiders also took note that Jim Walden, the lawyer representing Greenberg in the redistricting case, was recently paid $50,000 by the Cuomo campaign. Meanwhile Walden’s firm — Walden, Macht & Haran — was awarded $2.5 million to represent executive staffers during state Attorney General Letitia James’ probe into sexual harassment and misconduct claims leveled against Cuomo by staffers, former staffers and acquaintances. Hochul told reporters last week that she favored keeping the June 28 date for statewide primaries and the Assembly when asked if she would support a consolidated August election. “It’s still a little fluid. I will just say that because there’s always legal challenges as we’re finding out, but the path right now is to continue with June 28 for statewide primaries,” she told reporters at an Albany press conference. The governor also sought to deflect speculation that Cuomo would attempt a long-shot bid to challenge her during an ABC interview that aired Sunday. “I have no message [for him],” Hochul said when asked of Cuomo. “Everyone will do what they choose to do.” Cuomo spokesman Richard Azzopardi declined comment on the prospects of  the ex-governor seeking a comeback in a rescheduled Democratic primary. An insider suggested Cuomo would be more interested in running as an independent candidate because the Democratic Party has purportedly been hijacked by the hard left. “If Governor Cuomo was interested in running in the Democratic primary, he would have filed petitions weeks ago. It’ss much more likely that he would run against the extremists that have taken over both parties as an independent,” the source said. Walden, the attorney representing Greenberg, denied that he was running interference for Cuomo in the redistricting case. “I’m representing Gary Greenberg,” Walden said. “I’m handling this case because it’s the right thing to do.” Walden said his law firm represented mid-level staffers in the executive chamber who were not targets of the sexual harassment — not Cuomo himself or his top inner circle. He said he was retained by the Cuomo campaign last year to handle a “discreet” matter that he refused to identify. In an attempt to prove his independence, Walden said he has sued Cuomo three times on behalf of plaintiffs — including cases involving Common Cause, the closure of Long Island College hospital and the New York City Housing Authority. He also disenrolled from the Democratic Party years ago. Democratic Party insiders, meanwhile, dismissed Greenberg’s bid to reopen petitioning for statewide races. “Greenberg is a Cuomo defender and a crackpot so maybe that’s his theory. But it’s not grounded in reality,” one New York Democrat said of Greenberg’s legal bid to allow new candidates to seek to get on the ballot for statewide races like governor.