A suspected terrorist released into the United States by Border Patrol agents last month was not arrested until two weeks after he was matched to the terror watch list, according to a new report. Isnardo Garcia-Amado, 35, was turned loose near Yuma, Ariz., on April 18 and was given a GPS monitoring device instead of being detained, according to a memo from a federal source obtained by Fox News. According to the report, Garcia-Amado was flagged by the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center on April 21. However, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) did not receive authorization to arrest him until May 4. Garcia-Amado, a Colombian citizen, was arrested in Pinellas County, Fla., two days later. It is unclear why it took three days after his release for the FBI to flag Garcia-Amado as a suspected terrorist. US Customs and Border Protection did not immediately respond to The Post’s inquiry on why Garcia-Amado was released by Border Patrol agents in April. It is common for illegal border-crossers to be placed in Alternatives to Detention — including the GPS monitoring system, where they can theoretically be tracked while in the US. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed Garcia Amado’s arrest to The Post on Tuesday, detailing that he “remains in ICE custody pending disposition of his immigration case.” “Noncitizens encountered in the United States without authorization undergo multi-layered screening and vetting,” DHS said in a statement. “Our immigration enforcement priorities are clear: DHS is focused on those who pose a threat to our national security, public safety, and border security. When we receive additional derogatory information from our law enforcement partners, DHS and our federal partners take swift action to apprehend those individuals.” DHS further claimed that in coordination with federal and local law enforcement, ICE “promptly detained this individual” after receiving additional information. The FBI did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for comment. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis blasted the administration for the delay in apprehending Garcia-Amado, telling Fox News: “The State of Florida has consistently addressed the Biden Administration for information on illegal alien resettlement in Florida, which the federal government has declined to provide.” “We demand to know why DHS released a suspected terrorist into the United States and allowed him to live freely in Florida for weeks,” the governor continued. “How many more known or suspected terrorists has the Biden administration allowed into our country?”