On Wednesday, Kate Moss will testify in court how her ex-love Johnny Depp once swept her up and carried her after she slipped down stairs, according to sources. The British supermodel, 48, will give evidence via video link from London in the defamation trial between Depp and his ex-wife Amber Heard. Moss will be the first of the actor’s exes to give evidence in the case that’s gripping the globe. A source familiar with the case told The Post that Moss will recount an incident when she “was walking down some stairs in Jamaica. She was wearing flip flops and she slipped on the last two stairs. Johnny caught her and tended to her.” Moss was drawn into the legal drama when Heard, 36, told the jury about a March 2015 fight during which she punched Depp, 58, in the face out of fear he was going to shove her sister Whitney Henriquez down a staircase. The “Aquaman” actress said Henriquez was near a staircase “in the line of fire … trying to get Johnny to stop,” which reminded her of a rumored incident between Moss and Depp. “[Whitney’s] back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her,” Heard testified. “I don’t hesitate, I don’t wait — I just, in my head, instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs.” “And I swung at him,” Heard continued of the alleged incident. This prompted Depp’s attorney Benjamin Chew to triumphantly pump his fist in the air in the Fairfax, Va., courtroom — a “celebratory acknowledgment” that Moss could be brought as an impeachment witness to the trial, legal sources told The Post. By mentioning the alleged misconduct, Heard inadvertently allowed Depp’s lawyers to call the model as a witness. But the familiar source said Moss’s testimony about her own staircase incident likely won’t help Heard. “Johnny pick up Kate and carried her — this was hardly Amber’s scary interpretation of events,” said the source. Depp’s legal team have been in talks with Moss over the past week, according to insiders. “Kate has nothing to gain in giving testimony, but she feels strongly about defending her friend,” the familiar source said. The style icon, who dated Depp from 1994 to 1997, is also expected to testify that the actor was never abusive to her and that they remain close friends. Depp is suing Heard for $50 million in defamation costs, arguing that her 2018 op-ed for The Washington Post, about surviving domestic violence, tarnished his reputation and ruined his career opportunities, even though it didn’t mention him by name. The actor testified that, after Heard’s allegations, he lost “nothing short of everything.” Heard is counter-suing Depp for $100 million. The pair wed in 2015 and split in May 2016, when Heard sought a domestic violence restraining order against him, accusing him of abusing her. Depp denied the claims, and the former couple settled their divorce out of court in August 2016.