Joe Schoen put his stamp on a Giants’ draft class, and now he will do the same with the scouting department. The Giants fired director of college scouting Chris Pettit and senior personnel executive Kyle O’Brien, The Post confirmed, as Schoen began to deliver Monday on the big changes advertised when he was hired as general manager. The shake-up came only two days after wrapping up the 2022 draft, when Pettit and O’Brien were seated side-by-side with other key influencers in the second row of the war room. Schoen now has moved on from three of former general manager Dave Gettleman’s main advisers: Pettit, who spent 13 years in the organization as an area scout before he was promoted during Gettleman’s first season in 2018; O’Brien, who was added to the staff 14 months ago after five seasons as a Lions executive and is the son of the Giants’ former team doctor; and co-director of player personnel Mark Koncz, who came over with Gettleman from the Carolina Panthers and was let go in February. Asked Saturday about making scouting changes, Schoen said that he had “not even thought about that yet.” It obviously was just a professional courtesy to speak with Pettit and O’Brien privately before revealing the plan, especially given that Schoen has said all along that he was evaluating the staff’s ability to gather information, conduct interviews and read reports at the Senior Bowl, NFL Scouting Combine and Pro Days. “Some of it’s just maybe we’re going to do things a little bit different in terms of our process,” Schoen said on April 20. “Who is going to buy in? Who is going to excel? Who is all hands on deck? Who has adapted?” These two moves were expected around the league because it is common for a new general manager to hire his own trusted lieutenants, and the Giants have limited spots for change. The timing of the changes make sense because the Giants were midway through a scouting cycle when Schoen arrived and wanted to minimize disruption. Schoen is the first general manager hired without prior ties to the Giants since 1979 and was promised the ability to make wholesale changes after a league-worst 22-59 record over the last five years. Pettit kept a low profile but might best be recognized by fans as the scout who discovered Victor Cruz. Years later, Saquon Barkley went out of his way to greet Pettit at the NFL combine, just a few months before he was the No. 2 overall pick in the 2018 draft. Barkley is the only player remaining from the Giants’ six draft picks in 2018. Only five of the 10 picks from the 2019 class remain.