Cue the drumroll, hit the lights and get your credit cards ready — because Tarte’s biggest sale of the year has begun. We cover many beauty categories — from product reviews to roundups of the best mature skin foundations and tinted moisturizers to eyeshadow palettes. That said, we know what brands are well-esteemed and waitlist-inducing. Tarte Cosmetics, undoubtedly, is a superstar in the beauty arena. From its fan-favorite Shape Tape Concealer ($30) to the TikTok-viral Maracuja Juicy Lip Plump ($21), you’ll want to sit at your vanity all day, every day. Now, get this: Tarte is offering six full-size products for just $65 (plus free shipping) until May 20. Outside the must-buy deal event, these products would cost upwards of $200! Oh, and that viral Maracuja Juicy Lip Plump? Instead of $21, that’s already discounted to $9 for a limited time (hurry, before every TikTok star and influencer buys them all). Here’s how the sale works: Ahead, we rounded up our favorite Tarte Cosmetics products to get you in the mood to shop and save big. For the full list of Tarte’s products — including its best-sellers — check out its beauty shop here. If we can give you one piece of advice, go and buy Tarte’s Maracuja Juicy Lip Plump ASAP. You’ll be impressed with how indulgent and creamy it looks on your lips when applied, giving you that effortless shine. Plus, the shade range is quite generous. Ah, if it isn’t for Tarte’s Shape Tape Concealer to save the day. Whether you use it under your eyes or all over your face, it’s a near-miracle worker (and one of the best concealers we tested). Not to mention, Tarte has an Ultra Creamy version ($30) for especially dry skin. As one of our favorite eyeshadow palettes we reviewed, the Tartelette In Bloom compact never gets old. From its baseline lid colors to shimmery crease and outer corner hues, it’s the perfect neutral palette that’ll take you from day to night (especially when applied with Tarte’s matching Full Bloom Shadow Brush Duo ($29). Run — don’t walk — to Tarte’s Shape Tape Glow Wand. It deserves all the praise, namely for its versatility. Use it as a highlighter, as a makeup primer and even as a full-coverage face product if glowy skin is what you’re after. It definitely deserves a spot in your six-product grab. If you don’t want cake-y skin but want that balanced, second-skin look, Tarte’s Shape Tape Cloud CC Cream is amazing. Not only is it like your favorite moisturizers with SPF but it’s just fabulous for the summertime months. When we first used Maneater’s Blush & Glow Cheek Plump, we instantly fell in love. When applied with Tarte’s Shaper Sponge ($18), we couldn’t stop looking at the natural-looking flush it brought to our cheeks (perfect for a daytime picnic or evening glam alike). Tarte’s Lights, Camera, Lashes 4-in-1 Mascara isn’t only one of Olivia Jade’s favorite makeup products but it’s one of ours, too. It instantly makes our lashes look fuller and lengthened, giving that near-to-brow length that’s sometimes difficult to achieve. Tarte’s Maracuja C-Brighter Eye Treatment is the less-than-$50 snag that’s one of the best eye creams we tested, too. It’s safe for sensitive skin and does the job of hydrating your dry and dull under-eye area. Pair it with the brand’s Shape Tape Moisturizer ($35), too. As one of the best body butters we reviewed, Tarte’s Sugar Rush Cake Batter Whipped Body Butter instantly transports us to our favorite candy shop. Sweet and ideal for summertime use, you’ll love this yummy scent after the shower and beyond. If you’re looking for the tool that’ll blend Tarte’s Amazon Clay 16-Hour Full-Coverage Foundation (it’s one of our favorite full-coverage foundations) or Hydroflex Serum Foundation (recommended for mature skin) flawlessly, pick up the brand’s Hydro-Smoother Brush. As its name suggests, it buffs and blends like no other. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.