The season finale of “Big Sky” ties up several loose ends — and leaves other plot threads waiting to be stitched up when the series returns this fall. The episode, airing Thursday night, is titled “Catch a Few Fish” and  there’s finally some resolution for Ren and Jag Bhullar (Janina Gavankar, Vinny Chhibber) regarding their dictatorial, cold-as-ice father, drug lord Veer Bhullar (Bernard White) — who’s also in the sites of Travis (Logan Marshall-Green). He finally makes his move to exact revenge after jawing about it (or is that mumbling about it?) all season. There’s more, of course, but you’ll need to watch the episode to learn just how each of the “Big Sky” protagonists (and antagonists) get to their points of arrival and departure (no spoilers here), and it’s an interesting journey for all involved — including the new sheriff, Beau Arlen (Jensen Ackles), who arrives in Big Sky to temporarily take over for Sheriff Tubb (Patrick Gallagher), who’s still recovering from his near-fatal gunshot wound. Ackles will be a series regular in Season 3, so he’ll be sticking around for a while. Acting Sheriff Arlen, a good old boy in from Houston (with allusions to trouble there), makes an inauspicious entrance into the world of “Big Sky”; he’s fixing an oil leak and asks Cassie for help (thinking she’s a guy, since he can only see her boots from his vantage point underneath his truck) — and then tells her she can’t possibly know anything about cars (being a woman and all). He quickly apologizes, as he does to Jenny (Katheryn Winnick) when they first meet and he calls her “darlin’.” Arlen also has a good sense of humor and is self-deprecating to a fault, so you know we’ll find out more of his backstory next season with baggage including a remarried ex-wife and their daughter. (Ackles, the former “Supernatural” star, also joins “The Boys” as Soldier Boy in Season 3, premiering June 3 on Prime Video.) Ren and Jag, meanwhile, are on the outs with Dad after he sacrificed Jag last week to save his own thin skin — and Jag’s life was spared by a vengeful Richard Ford (Dallas Roberts) only because his aim was off. Neither child is in a forgiving mood, and Ren is hellbent on taking over the family drug business once and for all. The writers haven’t forgotten about Scarlett and Phoebe (Anja Savcic, Zoë Noelle Baker); they’re here, too, still on the run and hiding from the evil syndicate dude who wants the information Scarlett took from Ronald (Brian Geraghty) — and will kill to retrieve it. Their story is resolved … sort of … Reba McEntire joins the cast next season as Sunny Brick, the matriarch of a sketchy (what else?) Big Sky family. She doesn’t appear in Thursday night’s season finale, but the stage is set for her inevitable clash with Cassie, Jenny et al. The Season 2 finale of “Big Sky” airs Thursday, May 19 at 10 p.m. on ABC.       