The Philadelphia school district’s diversity office reportedly encouraged its teachers to attend a transgender conference where they were exposed to explicit presentations about kinky sex, masturbation and adult toys. The district’s Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion sent educators invitations to “learn more about the issues facing the trans community” at the Trans Wellness Conference in July 2021, conservative activist Christopher Rufo said. The district “encouraged teachers to attend a transgender conference on ‘kink,’ ‘BDSM,’ ‘trans sex,’ ‘bigger d–k energy,’ and ‘banging beyond binaries,’” he said on Twitter. Rufo said the three-day event at the Mazzoni Center featured speakers including trans activist Chase Ross. In one video shared by Rufo, Ross demonstrated how to use a variety of dildos. “‘It’s a big boy. This is, like, gigantic,’ he said during one demo. ‘Give me two hours alone and I’ll get this in my butt,’” he added. Other sessions were led by Jamie Joy, who describes themselves as polyamorous, and Lucie Fielding, who identifies as a “non-binary trans femme,” Ruffo said. “The women discussed various ‘kink’ activities, including fetishes involving puppies, spanking, and Mary Poppins. They also suggested using new, trans-friendly language for genitalia, such as ‘front hole’ and ‘back hole,’” he wrote. The educators also heard about adolescent gender transitions from Dr. Scott Mosser, a surgeon at the San Francisco-based Gender Confirmation Center who said that there is no age limit for beginning the “gender journey,” according to Rufo. “I do not have a minimum age of any sort in my practice,” Mosser reportedly said, explaining that he would be willing to consult with children as young as 10 with parental consent. Dane Menkin, divisional director of LGBTQ services at Main Line Health, hosted another session that  “endorsed treatments ranging from puberty-blocking hormones to manual breast-binding for ‘masculinizing’ adolescent girls,” Rufo reported on City Journal. “I’m a strong proponent that you can bind for as many hours a day as you can tolerate binding,” Menkin reportedly said during the session. The Mazzoni Center, which received $5 million in taxpayer money last year, has worked with the school district on sexuality research and programs for students, Rufo said. The school district told City Journal that its promotion of the conference was part of its commitment to “creating equitable and inclusive environments.” It said it did “not have any information” on how many teachers took part. The Mazzoni Center did not return a request for comment by the outlet.