The Department of Homeland Security is preparing for an upswing in threats and violence across America after a Supreme Court ruling that could overturn the landmark Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion nationwide, according to a new report. A May 13 memo from DHS’ intelligence arm obtained by Axios detailed that threats against Supreme Court justices, lawmakers, health care providers and even clergy “are likely to persist and may increase leading up to and following the issuing of the Court’s official ruling.” The leaked warning comes two weeks after a draft opinion by Justice Samuel Alito reversing Roe v. Wade was leaked to Politico. The revelation immediately sparked outrage among Democrats and pro-abortion activists, who organized protests outside the Supreme Court building as well as at the homes of all six conservative justices. Pro-abortion demonstrations have also been held at churches across the country, while the headquarters of an anti-abortion group in Wisconsin was set on fire and vandalized. While the White House has declined to call off the protests outside the justices’ homes — arguing that the demonstrations there have remained peaceful — the Biden administration quietly condemned the Wisconsin attack last week. “President Biden strongly condemns this attack and political violence of any stripe,” an anonymous White House official told The Hill at the time. “The president has made clear throughout his time in public life that Americans have the fundamental right to express themselves under the Constitution, whatever their point of view. “But that expression must be peaceful and free of violence, vandalism, or attempts to intimidate.” The DHS memo reportedly indicated that the violence and threats could come from either pro-choice or anti-abortion extremists. It also suggested that some pro-life narratives “may be linked to the perception of wanting to ‘save white children’ and ‘fight white genocide.’” In a statement to The Post, a DHS spokesperson said the department “is committed to protecting Americans’ freedom of speech and other civil rights and civil liberties, including the right to peacefully protest. “DHS is also committed to working with our partners across every level of government and the private sector to share timely information and intelligence, prevent all forms of violence, and to support law enforcement efforts to keep our communities safe,” the spokesperson added. The Supreme Court is expected to issue a ruling in the case of Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization before the end of its term in late June or early July. The case concerns a Mississippi law outlawing abortion after 15 weeks of pregnancy, and state officials have asked the court to overturn Roe v. Wade in the process of upholding the law.