This tony Brooklyn area is about to get even more glossy with a prominent home sale in its midst. A Fort Greene townhouse looks like it will soon become the neighborhood’s most expensive home ever sold there, having entered contract last month for a full $1 million more than the current title holder. If the $8 million deal for 6 South Oxford St. closes late next month, as it is expected to, it will blow the previous record of the $6.5 million spent for 198 Washington Park in January 2021 out of the water, the Real Deal reported. This more recent purchase speaks to the market’s current madness, as the South Oxford Street property is a massive 3,000 square feet smaller than the Washington Park one, yet is likely about to sell for $1,488 a square foot. On a per-square-foot basis, the Washington Park mansion sold for almost half that, or $758 a square foot; however, its listing images showed the manse in a state of disrepair. Even the South Oxford Street house’s broker is surprised at the closing price. “We expected to get a lot of interest, we expected to have multiple bids, but we didn’t expect how high it would go with 10 bids,” Compass agent Christine Blackburn told the Real Deal. “Anything that is fully turnkey is commanding a premium.” The address is helped, though, by a more discerning buyer who understands Brooklyn real estate. “It’s definitely being driven by local buyers who have a very nuanced understanding of the premium for specific locations, block by block,” she said. In addition to being primely located across the street from Fort Greene Park, the landmarked South Oxford Street home is newly renovated. Original details of the Italianate brownstone have been preserved with modern details — including built-in Sonos speakers throughout, a home security system and a dual infrared sauna — freshly installed, according to the listing. “Renovations are becoming more and more expensive,” Blackburn noted. “If the owners had to undertake a renovation at 6 South Oxford today it would cost much more than when they did it and it would be prohibitive.”