The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate by a half-percentage point on Wednesday, the largest increase of its kind in more than two decades as the central bank scrambles to contain decades-high inflation. The latest rate hike marked the first time since 2000 that the Fed has raised interest rates by more than a quarter-percentage-point in a single action. The move highlights the urgency the central bank faces to curb inflation that is crushing American household budgets. Aside from the rate hike — which was in line with Wall Street’s expectations — the Fed outlined its plan to begin trimming its nearly $9 trillion balance sheet beginning in June. The central bank’s holdings ballooned when it began buying up bonds as part of COVID-19 economic stimulus measures. Treasury and mortgage bonds comprise the majority of the Fed’s balance sheet. The Fed teed up additional interest rate hikes in the near future, noting its views that further increases to the target range “will be appropriate” — though the exact number and pace of those hikes remains unclear. “With appropriate firming in the stance of monetary policy, the Committee expects inflation to return to its 2 percent objective and the labor market to remain strong,” the Federal Open Market Committee said in a statement detailing the decision. The Consumer Price Index, a key inflation gauge, hit 8.5% in March — the highest rate since 1981. Inflation is running much hotter than the Fed’s 2% target. The Fed’s recent tightening of monetary policy is already having a noticeable impact on consumers. The benchmark rate has implications for credit card rates, savings accounts, some student loans, auto loans and various other factors impacting household budgets. Overall, borrowing money is becoming more expensive as interest rates increase. While mortgage rates aren’t directly tied to the Fed’s benchmark, prospective home buyers could be affected. A 30-year fixed-rate mortgage hit an average of 5.10% as of the end of April — after hovering below 3% just one year earlier. The higher mortgage rates appear to be cooling a red-hot housing market, with sales of existing homes dropped nearly 3% from February to March. “Households should pay down debt, especially costly credit card and other variable rate debt, and boost emergency savings,” Bankrate’s chief financial analyst Greg McBride said. “Less debt and more savings will enable you to better weather rising interest rates, and is especially valuable if the economy sours.” Speaking at a news conference Wednesday, Chair Jerome Powell made clear that further large rate hikes are coming. “There is a broad sense on the committee,” he said, referring to the Fed, “that additional (half-point) increases should be on the table in the next couple of meetings.” But Powell also sought to downplay any speculation that the Fed might be considering a rate hike as high as three-quarters of a percentage point. “A 75-basis-point hike is not something that the committee is actively considering,” he said — a remark that appeared to cause stock indexes to rise. The FOMC noted its members would be “highly attentive to inflation risks” in the months ahead — suggesting the committee will adjust its policy as needed to address the situation. Bank officials also noted the Ukraine war’s impact on the US economy remains “highly uncertain.” The war is “creating additional upward pressure on inflation and are likely to weigh on economic activity.” The Fed faces a difficult balancing act in the months ahead as it aims to engineer a “soft landing” that will cool inflation without hurting strong US labor conditions or pushing the economy into a recession. The half-percentage-point hike sets a new target range of 0.75% to 1% for the federal funds rate. That’s the highest point the range has reached since the Fed eased policy during the COVID-19 pandemic. Fears of a recession rose last month after the US economy posted a surprise 1.4% drop in its gross domestic product during the most recent quarter. But the Fed downplayed that unwelcome result. “Although overall economic activity edged down in the first quarter, household spending and business fixed investment remained strong,” the FOMC statement said. “Job gains have been robust in recent months, and the unemployment rate has declined substantially.” The Fed’s announcement contained “no major bombshells” — and could even provide comfort to investors who feared the bank could move to hike rates at a more rapid clip. “Fed members appear united on the policy front as there were no dissenters looking for 75 bps, and the ‘highly attentive’ language provides some flexibility to adjust policy in light of new data,” said Cliff Hodge, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth. “Overall, about as dovish as could be expected while still showing that the Fed is serious about fighting inflation,” he added. With Post wires