The Issue: President Biden’s comment calling the “MAGA crowd” the “most extreme political” group. President Biden on Wednesday said the “MAGA crowd is really the most extreme political organization that’s existed in American history” (“Joe’s ‘Extreme’ Malarkey,” Editorial, May 5). So much for healing and unity. It is reminiscent of Hilary Clinton’s infamous “basket of deplorables” comment. Why do Democratic leaders feel empowered to regularly insult half the electorate they are supposed to be serving? And what is wrong with wanting to make America great again? Caroline FeeneyFairfield, Conn. In a desperate attempt to salvage the elections in November, Biden attacked the “MAGA crowd” as the most extremist movement in American history. I would remind him that the KKK was a southern Democratic institution, and Rep. Bull Connor, Gov. George Wallace and Joe’s buddy Sen. Robert Byrd were Democrats. Malarkey indeed. Joe AlloyWayne, NJ I was pleased to see that The Post didn’t let Joe get away with all his ­political malarkey. He attacked the MAGA crowd and called them “the most extreme political organization that’s existed in American history. Recent American history,” and suggested the Supreme Court, in overturning Roe v. Wade, might be only taking the first step in stealing away the rights of all Americans. In effect, he was not only calling half the country extremists, he was, by implication, calling Justice Samuel Alito an extremist, too. I remember when Biden was running for president, he talked about healing and uniting Americans, but now he is obviously all about tearing America apart. Democrats are stirring the pot, creating more division and hoping their political base buys their malarkey. It is all a political diversion. Just blame MAGA extremists for ­everything going wrong. Salvator GiarrataniBoston Hand-puppet Joe is telling the country that the biggest threat to this nation is the “MAGA crowd” extremists. Count me in. We are extremely “America First,” extremely for sealed borders, extremely for enforcing our Constitution, extremely for states’ rights and extremely pro-Trump. We wish former President Donald Trump will lead us forever, knowing that he is the father of the “MAGA crowd,” but “we the people” will carry on the “America First” mantra. Mike SantaviccaYonkers Biden is nothing more than a great divider. He’s not by any means a unifier of all Americans. Attacking the MAGA crowd and calling them the most extreme political organization is nothing more than a “Bidenism.” There hasn’t been any attempt on his part to unify; however, he has done everything to ­divide, as this is what the left wishes to do. Biden is a devout Catholic — or so he claims — and merely goes with the flow of the leftist policies. The Supreme Court will have the only and ­final say in this case. Joe, just stay out of it. Ron ZajicekCortlandt According to Joe, the MAGA movement is the most extreme political group in this country. He’s got it all wrong. His administration, the Democratic Party and those Trump haters at MSNBC, CNN, The Washington Post and The New York Times are, and they’re working hard to foster hate and division in American today. George PfeifferEast Haven, Conn. The divider-in-chief con­tinues the Hillary mantra that conservative Republicans are “deplorable,” saying “MAGA is the most extreme political group.” Some 75 million American patriots seem to disagree with the real extremists — namely the Squad, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Vice President Kamala Harris, the indoctrinating academics, Hollywood, Big Tech and the Sen. Bernie Sanders-types. Republicans are not deplorable, but freedom-loving, thinking human beings, who will not be controlled by a radical progressive government J.R. CummingsManhattan Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.