This home is timeless on TV, but being reduced to rubble in the material world. Demolition has begun at the shooting location of the Australian sitcom “Kath & Kim.” While the two-story house is located in the made-up suburb of Fountain Lakes on the comedy series — which ran from 2002 to 2007 — it was actually located at 4 Lagoon Place, Patterson Lakes in southeast Melbourne, the Guardian reported. Construction workers have already started bulldozing the storied property, where the characters Kath Day-Knight and her daughter, Kim, lived out four seasons of shenanigans for a rapt audience down under, where it reached a “Friends”-level caliber of fame. The company Dig Dig Demolition confirmed to Guardian Australia that the four-bedroom is actively in the process of being knocked down. “We’re in the iconic ‘Kath & Kim’ house, it’s nice, it’s different, it’s unusual, this is the living room, where the foxy ladies would sit and watch TV,” says reporter Brendan Crew in a walk-through of the partially disassembled home posted to social media on Monday. “So many TV memories. All being demolished to make way for a new house.” The property sold for $1.48 million in November 2016, almost a decade after the show finished airing, according to the Guardian. News of the home’s demolition came the same week rumors began swirling the series would be get a reboot some two decades since its original run wrapped. “It was unimaginable neighbors could keep TV’s biggest secret under wraps much longer,” an insider told the magazine Woman’s Day, adding that an official announcement will be made before the end of the month, the Daily Mail reported. Show actress Magda Szubanski, however, has said as recently as last May that she doesn’t agree with the idea or rebooting the beloved boob tube hit. “I think it should be off the table … It holds such a special place in people’s memories,” the 61-year-old comedian said in an interview. “’If we did a live show, which was a ‘best of’ or something like that, that’s different. But to actually try and do a whole new series, I think you can never capture that magic again.”