More millennial lawmakers in New York are looking to ditch Albany for higher office in wake of the state’s congressional map mayhem. Assemblyman Michael Lawler (R-Pearl River) is just the latest thirty-something pol to announce he’s eyeing the Beltway, The Post has learned. “The Republicans are very likely to be in the majority in the House and I will have an opportunity to represent the Hudson Valley and Rockland County in the House of Representatives, which is not possible in the state Assembly,” said Lawler, 35, who will run in the Republican primary for the newly drawn Congressional District 17. “We have a criminal justice crisis exploding across the country and we need leadership,” he added. State Sen. Alessandra Biaggi (D-Bronx), 36, and Assemblyman Colin Schmitt (R-New Windsor), 31, announced House campaigns months ago, while 34-year-old state Sen. James Skoufis (D-Newburgh), Assemblyman Robert Carroll (D-Brooklyn), 35, and Assemblywoman Yuh-Line Niou (D-Manhattan), 38, are also thinking about indulging their DC dreams. Not to be outdone, 38-year-old Council Member Carlina Rivera filed paperwork Friday to run in the newly created 10th Congressional District, which straddles Manhattan and Brooklyn — setting up a potential showdown with comparatively ancient former Mayor Bill de Blasio, 61, and state Sen. Brad Hoylman, 56. “It’s their time. There’s an opportunity. Politics requires opportunity and there’s not going to be another one like this for 10 years and very few congressional seats ever open up,” longtime political consultant Hank Sheinkopf told The Post. One source agreed that now’s the time for ambitious young pols to make a move upward. “For the last 14 years, all millennials have had to reassess what their job prospects are because of a global financial collapse or a global pandemic,” the source said. “There’s no reason why millennials in elected office should be any different.” But achieving their dreams won’t come easy considering the competition they face from Boomers, Generation X and fellow millennial candidates. Biaggi has been running in a crowded Democratic primary to represent a Long Island district. Schmitt was aiming to defeat incumbent Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-Hudson Valley), before Maloney announced plans to run in District 17, which sparked outrage from allies of millennial incumbent Mondaire Jones (D-White Plains). Skoufis previously beat Schmitt in a 2016 race for Assembly in the newly drawn 17th District in the Hudson Valley, but has yet to decide whether he will run for Congress in Congressional District 18. “Do you have a leaked final map,” he said rhetorically via text Friday as he awaited details on finalized congressional lines. Schmitt is getting fundraising and logistical support from national Republicans and told The Post he thinks rising prices for items like gas and the baby formula shortage will play a big role in the upcoming campaign. “As a younger candidate running in my hometown district, solving these problems for those who were there for me since day one matters more than anything,” he said. The potential competing dreams of Skoufis and Schmitt could be equally dashed by Maloney if the Generation Xer ends up bowing to pressure to ditch plans to run against fellow Democratic Rep. Mondaire Jones in the neighboring 16th District. The final lineups for congressional races will hinge on the maps that special master Jonathan Cervas is now tasked with drawing up following last month’s Court of Appeals decision. Lines released earlier this week upended state politics by disregarding many longtime boundaries for congressional districts, which helped spark an inter-party fight among Democrats about who should run where. Assuming the lines hold, Sheinkopf said millennials like Lawler stand to gain a lot by simply taking a chance, especially if they are a Republican looking to escape one-party rule by Democrats in Albany. “He can remain in formaldehyde in the Assembly or be a player in the House … Also there’s a big pay increase and you get to travel and see the world on somebody else’s dime,” Sheinkopf said of Lawler. “You can rot in the minority or be a star in the House.” The congressional hopeful, who has a new baby girl, for his part said he has not focused on the generational significance of his new campaign while balancing his political work. “I’ve been around a long time in terms of politics and government,” he said. “I think I have a pathway to win and serve my community on a greater level.”