Lefty firebrand Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is looking to knock out another Democratic incumbent — Brooklyn state Sen. Kevin Parker. AOC is backing Uber driver and fellow democratic socialist David Alexis against Parker, who was first elected to the Senate in 2002. Alexis is one in an ever-growing slate of now 13 Democratic Socialists of America-backed candidates that Ocasio-Cortez endorsed Thursday for state legislative seats– six incumbents and seven newcomers. “Let’s gooo! Together we’ve sent 6 incredible new members to the New York State Legislature. What’s another 7 more?,” AOC tweeted. Parker, who ran for city comptroller last year and chairs the Senate energy and telecommunications committee, is a street fighter known for past tirades that got physical. He was found guilty in 2010 of two counts of criminal mischief for roughing up a Post photographer who took pictures of him for an article. He also told told a state Republican Party operative to “Kill yourself!” on Twitter in 2018 after she publicly accused him of misusing his official parking placard. And Parker was forced to undergo anger-management treatment after bashing a traffic cop in 2005. The state senator had no immediate comment. But Alexis said he was thrilled to have AOC’s backing in the 21st senatorial district. “I’m so deeply honored to be endorsed by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a major inspiration for me. She showed the world that working class people like me can run for office, and win” Alexis said in a release put out by the DSA and Ocasio-Cortez. “I am so proud to be fighting alongside her for Medicare for all, for dignity for immigrants, for a Green New Deal, and for a more liberated and just New York. Endorsements like this remind me that I stand on the shoulders of giants. Let’s win this together.” Ocasio-Cortez stirred the pot earlier this week by also supporting a slate of like-minded, “defund the police” Working Families Party insurgents against veteran Assembly Democratic incumbents in the June 28 primaries — including rivals to Inez Dinkins in Harlem, and Jeffrey Dinowitz and Michael Benedetto in The Bronx, all close allies of Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx). AOC shocked the political world in 2018 when she defeated veteran Rep. Joe Crowley in the Democratic primary in the 14th congressional district that covers parts of Queens and The Bronx. Crowley subsequently stepped down as head of the Queens Democratic Party.