The NYPD is seeking a group of men in connection with a series of brazen armed robberies in the Bronx and upper Manhattan. The crew first struck on Sunday, April 24, when four unidentified men entered the Fordham Market on East Fordham Road and Arthur Avenue in Belmont around 1 a.m., police said. The group snagged $200 worth of merchandise then fled eastbound on East Fordham Road in a black SUV. The same store was robbed again the very next day, cops said. Three unknown men entered around 1:50 a.m., flashed a weapon and took $900 in cash from the register and $900 worth of merchandise. The robbers fled eastbound on East Fordham Road in a dark-colored SUV. About 45 minutes later on the same morning, two men robbed the Grab and Go at 3920 Broadway near 164th Street in Washington Heights, police said. One of the thieves pulled out a gun before taking $200 from the register. The pair fled northbound on Broadway in a dark-colored vehicle, cops said. One week later on Monday, May 2, a 32-year-old man was approached by an unknown male after exiting a Bank of America on White Plains Road and Pelham Parkway in the Bronx around 3 a.m. The male showed the 32-year-old a gun and demanded he hand over his money. The man was able to get away from the attacker, who fled in an unknown direction. None of his  property was taken. Ten minutes later, two armed robbers approached a 20-year-old man as he sat in his parked car at 1000 Pelham Parkway, blocks away from the Bank of America. The armed men ordered the victim to get out of his car and stole his iPhone 12 — worth about $1,000, cops said. The thieves fled eastbound on Pelham Parkway South. No injuries were reported in any of the incidents, cops said. Video provided by NYPD shows a masked armed man in black clothing entering a convenience store carrying a handgun, which he aims at a store clerk. He’s followed by two other individuals — also with their faces covered and wearing all black. The third man enters and opens a plastic bag as they rob the store. Police also provided pixelated photos of four of the suspected robbers’ faces as well as a black vehicle.