Don’t be surprised if you spot comedian/podcast king Tim Dillon milling about the East End this summer with a mocktail in hand. Dillon — once called the heir apparent to countercultural greats like George Carlin — recently closed on a $3.98 million Southampton home, down from its $4.5 million asking price, just in time for the Memorial Day weekend. The traditional, shingle-style home was built in 2001, was recently renovated and is within walking distance of the village. The four-bedroom, five-bathroom home sits on just over an acre. It features a chef’s kitchen, a double-height living room with 18-foot ceilings and two fireplaces. The landscaped outdoor space boasts a large saltwater pool, a cedar and mahogany deck patio and a grill. There’s also a bonus loft living room with 12-foot beamed ceilings above the four-car garage. The former child actor — who surprisingly got his start on “Sesame Street” doing the polka with Snuffleupagus — started doing comedy in 2008, following the economic crisis. By 2019, Dillon — who dislikes both Presidents Trump and Biden — struck gold when Rogan noticed Dillon’s defense of canceled comedian Louis C.K. on Facebook. (Parodies of Ghislaine Maxwell and Meghan McCain were also hits.) Dillon — named a pandemic break-out comedy star by The Post, said he’s comfortable with dark comedy on both sides of the political spectrum. “I don’t shy away from the realities of what is going on. I was saying this a while ago. Society is held together by duct tape and a lot of these fragile mechanisms are starting to break down. I have found a way to make that funny,” he told The Post. Dillon just completed a whirlwind comedy tour, from France and Italy to all major cities in Australia and, we hear, is looking forward to a brief East End respite. The sober funny man also owns homes in Beverly Hills and Austin, Texas. Next on his list is Manhattan, where he once worked as a tour guide. Dillon was repped by brokers Dolly and Jenny Lenz, of Dolly Lenz Real Estate.