Those who have cats of their own love the fluffy creatures, but neighbors of those who have cats, often feel differently. As adorable as the Moggies can be – with their giant eyes and fluffy hair – it doesn’t make up for the nuisance they can make in your garden, and sometimes in the middle of your lawn. So how can you stop the felines from venturing into your garden to relieve themselves or dig around in the flowerbeds? Experts from the David Suzuki Foundation said: “Neighborhood kitties digging in your garden can be a nuisance. “Cats are carnivores. Their feces can contain parasites or pathogens not present in herbivore manure. “This is concerning because most of us plan to eat the food we grow. “Roaming domestic cats kill songbirds and about 140 million birds and small animals each year. “And if you’re doing it right, your yard and garden are designed to attract pollinators, like hummingbirds, as well as other wild birds. “Roaming cats can also strain neighborhood relations.” Thankfully the pros are on hand with four suggestions for natural ways to keep the pets from making mischief in your backyard. Kitties don’t like to be surprised by unexpected noises so the professionals suggest investing in some wind chimes. The experts said: “Try wind chimes, motion-sensitive bells or even rocks or pebbles in a jar that rattle when kitty comes near. “There are also motion-activated devices and, in the case of ultrasound devices, emit a frequency that cats can’t stand but is inaudible to humans.” It’s well known that cats hate the bath and just water in general, so setting up a sprinkler system could be your route to freedom. The experts said: “A gentle misting with water from a spray bottle can help cats break the positive association with your garden. “Motion-activated sprinkler systems can keep cats away, too. Just make sure you remember when they are on and obey guidelines during summer water shortages.” Stop the cats from clambering into your garden with a higher fence. The pros said: “Create a barrier with wire-mesh fencing. “Most recommend at least 1.8 meters high and 5.1 by 5.1-centimeter squares. An overhang makes it even better.” Cats are very sensitive to smell and there are a number of scents that they can’t stand. The experts said: “Cats dislike the smell of rue, lavender and pennyroyal, Coleus Canina and lemon thyme. “Plant a few of these throughout the garden. (Interplanting can attract pollinators and other beneficial insects too.) “They also steer clear of strong citrus scents. Throw peels directly onto garden soil.” This story originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced here with permission.