Mayor Eric Adams condemned the planned exclusion of NYPD cops marching in next month’s Gay Pride Parade — but stopped short of saying he would skip the event if New York’s Finest can’t participate. “Mayor Adams support inclusivity and allowing all New Yorkers to be true to who they are. Banning officers from wearing their uniforms at Pride is disappointing and contradicts our freedom of expression. That’s one of the many reasons why he has long supported and fought for LGBTQ+ officers to be able to wear their uniforms at the Pride parade. He will continue to do the same before next month’s parade,” spokesman Fabien Levy told The Post. Levy repeatedly refused to say whether the mayor boycott the June 26 march if gay cops are excluded. Cops and other local law enforcement officers appear on track to be barred from marching in the parade for a second year in a row, according to a statement this week by Heritage of Pride, the organization running the even. “Beginning in 2021, NYC Pride publicly banned corrections and law enforcement exhibitors from marching in their uniforms and participating in recruitment activities at NYC Pride events until at least 2025. This action was a step in the path of transformative justice affirming our commitment to eliminating violence, harm, and abuse at NYC Pride events,” the group said in reaffirming its policy. The parade is scheduled to return in full force after years of coronavirus-related disruptions. Before 2021, LGBT officers were welcome at the parade and Gay Officers Action League (GOAL) members have regularly marched in uniform with celebrants since that organization was founded in 1982. That all changed last year after the death of George Floyd in 2020 left New York and other major cities in the grips of anti-police mania. “We had a wonderful relationship with Heritage Of Pride. I would said Heritage Of Pride was one of the organizations we were closest with,” Brian E. Downey, president of the Gay Officers Action League (GOAL) told The Post — lamenting the change of relations. Downey said his organization is in “ongoing” talks with parade organizers and there was still the possibility of a breakthrough. Blocking New York’s finest poses an instant quandary for city pols about whether to participate in the event. Former Mayor de Blasio, said last year that the ban on LGBT cops was a “mistake” and did not attend the parade. Staten Island Councilman David Carr, the first openly gay Republican ever elected to the chamber, said he was inclined to attend the festivities, but that blocking cops would be a dealbreaker. “I think if the police are not welcome at this event, and GOAL is not welcome, then I don’t see myself participating,” Carr said. “I think that [Mayor Adams] supported them when he was a member of the NYPD himself and so I am hopeful he will do everything he can to advocate for their inclusion.”