A little bit of summer is what the whole year is about, and we are pumped that it’s finally here! To kick off the season, we are shopping all of our favorite Memorial Day deals on fashion, furniture, TVs and more. Afterward, we will layer on our sunscreen, jump in the pool, grill some delicious food, and of course, head to the beach. But to successfully tackle all of our summer plans, we need to have the right clothing essentials. Think swimsuits, trunks, hats and cover-ups. So we headed to Amazon to find the best summer clothing essentials that are both stylish and affordable (nothing is over $45!). Keep reading to shop both women’s and men’s summer clothing essentials from Amazon. These neon sandals scream summer. Choose from 20 colors and enjoy durable, wide straps, a padded footbed and a smooth upper. Made of straw, this sunhat offers UPF 50 protection and is easily foldable. Best of all, you can choose from sayings like “hello sunshine” and “resting beach face.” Available in over 15 colors, prints and designs, CUPSHE has something for everyone. Look forward to a high waist and strappy top when you opt for this swimsuit. Choose from over 15 colors and enjoy a button-down henley tank top. It’s the ideal summer shirt that you can dress up or down. Everyone needs their staple cover-up to wear by the water, and this style from Ekouaer is it. It’s a must-have with a high-low silhouette, collar and deep v-neck. Too good to pass up on, these comfortable sandals are perfect for the beach or wearing around your home. So don’t mind us while we add a few to our carts. Choose from 20 colors. “You’re saying we can score Levi’s shorts for just $30?” Yes! They feature a midrise fit, frayed edges and a classic 90’s style waist. We have this one-piece swimmie in our closets right now, and it’s 100% worth the hype. Stock up on a few colors while you still can! Available in 16 designs and colors, this casual linen beach shirt is sure to make waves. Pair it with some sandals and call it a day! Protect yourself from the sun with this classic Columbia hat. It’s lightweight, sweat-absorbent and comfortable to wear. Ensure you have the right pair of shorts with these Dockers currently on sale. If this pristine porcelain color isn’t for you, shop the rest of the lineup. Don’t be caught with some old-school flip-flops. Instead, opt for these durable summer sandals. You’re also sure to love the non-slip sole. If you’re looking for a Speedo to rock this summer, you’ve found it. Choose from a lineup of various colors and designs. If there’s anything you absolutely need this summer, it’s a good pair of swim trunks. Opt for these quick-dry shorts that come in 16 designs and colors. You can’t beat buying a $20 pair of Adidas slides. After all, they slip on easily and are lightweight and comfortable. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.