A powerful explosion rocked a five-star hotel in the center of Havana, Cuba, on Friday morning, killing at least 18 people – including a pregnant woman and child — and sending survivors scrambling for safety as authorities raced to try to rescue those trapped in the rubble, reports said. At least 50 adults and 14 children were hospitalized after the blast at the Hotel Saratoga, according to President Miguel Díaz-Canel. No tourists were staying in the hotel at the time while it underwent renovations, Havana Gov. Reinaldo García Zapata told the Communist Party newspaper Granma. Families living in buildings near the hotel affected by the explosion had been moved to safer locations, said Díaz-Canel, who visited the site on Friday. An elementary school next to the hotel was also evacuated. It was not clear if any of the injured children were students. The search for additional missing persons still continued into Friday night, Cuba’s national health minister and the number of casualties could increase, José Ángel Portal, told The Associated Press. “We are still looking for a large group of people who may be under the rubble,” Lt. Col. Noel Silva of the Fire Department said. Cuban state television reported that the deadly blast was caused by a natural gas truck that had been supplying gas to the hotel, although it remains unclear how the gas was ignited. “Everything indicates that the explosion was caused by an accident,” the president’s office said in the tweet. The explosion leveled cars and buses parked in front of the posh Hotel Saratoga in downtown Havana, CNN reported. At least three floors and the facade of the 96-room 1930s-era hotel were reduced to rubble by the blast, the news station reported. The hotel is located just 110 yards away from Cuba’s Capitol building. A student who lives in the city told NBC News that the blast was strong enough to wake him up. “I was at home and heard a loud noise, and I stood in my balcony and looked in that direction,” the unidentified student told the news network. “It was a large explosion. I felt it, I was asleep and it woke me.” According to its website, the hotel is a “luxurious neoclassical architecture style” hotel that’s located on the Paseo del Prado in Old Havana. The facility was refurbished and reopened in 2005 as the part of the Cuban government’s investment into its tourism sector. The country’s tourism industry crumbled during the coronavirus pandemic but slowly began to improve this year before the War in Ukraine abruptly halted the influx of Russian visitors — who accounted for nearly a third of the tourists in Cuba last year. The fatal explosion came on the final day of a government-hosted tourism convention in the iconic beach town of Varadero aimed at drawing investors. The landmark hotel has been frequented by celebrities such as Beyoncé and Jay-Z — who stayed there when they visited Cuba in 2013 —  and political figures including high-ranking US government delegations.With Post wires