Just when you thought he was out … Ex-New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio told a state lawmaker he plans to run for New York’s newly drawn 10th Congressional district — the seat entrenched Rep. Jerrold Nadler is vacating to fight it out with former longtime ally Rep. Carolyn Maloney in the rejigged 12th. De Blasio told state Assemblyman Simcha Eichenstein (D-Borough Park) Tuesday afternoon that “he is committed to running in the race.” “He’s in, he’s running – he’s calling people,” said Eichenstein, telling The Post de Blasio had a list of donors and other elected officials to inform. “Based on the conversation that I had with him earlier today, he is running for Congress in the new NY-10 congressional district.” “He called me earlier this afternoon. While I will keep our conversation private, I will confirm that we spoke for over 20 minutes about his decision to run for this district.” De Blasio considered a run for the NY-11 district – before the state’s redistricting maps were thrown out the first time – but then dropped his bid in February before it started. “These neighborhoods are not foreign to him. He’s been representing some of these neighborhoods since 2001, and whether it’s been perfect or not at all times, these relationships are long standing and run deep,” Eichenstein added of the new district. “I’m not endorsing anyone today, let’s see how this race shapes up and who will ultimately be on the ballot.” De Blasio, who has been living with his wife, Chirlane McCray, in a Brooklyn hotel since leaving office while they renovate their Park Slope home, did not immediately return a request for comment. But another source told The Post that Pinny Ringel, who worked as de Blasio’s City Hall liaison to the Orthodox Jewish community, on Monday called a community leader in Brooklyn to gauge support for his boss and present a case in favor of his candidacy. “He’s not going to get Orthodox support,” said the source. “The average Joe on the street believes de Blasio is the worst mayor ever.” A draft plan for the newly drawn 10th district stretches from Lower Manhattan — including Tribeca, Greenwich Village, the East Village and the Lower East Side — into Brooklyn, including parts of DUMBO, Brooklyn Heights, de Blasio’s own Park Slope neighborhood, along with Prospect Heights, Windsor Terrace and Borough Park. Boundaries for the new districts will be finalized on Friday. The proposed district notably includes a very small percentage of black voters, who were de Blasio’s strongest supporters during his mayoralty, according to polls. The new district’s voting-age population is 8% black, 20% Asian, 37% Hispanic and 31% White. Others who have voiced interest in running for the new seat include state Sen. Brad Hoylman (D-Manhattan) and state Assemblyman Robert Carroll (D-Park Slope). This is not the first time de Blasio has eyed a political office since being elected mayor. In 2020, he ran a failed presidential campaign when he fell short of capturing even 1% of voters’ support in national polls. De Blasio played hooky from City Hall duties during his short-lived bid, couldn’t attract more than 15 voters to a campaign event in a primary state, and received thousands of donations from those with business before the city. Before leaving office at the end of 2021, de Blasio took steps toward launching a gubernatorial run, before announcing in January he had abandoned that idea too. The 61-year-old Democrat recently wrote an opinion piece in The Atlantic, where he gave unsolicited advice to President Joe Biden about how to more effectively connect with everyday Americans – a feat he admitted that he failed to accomplish with New Yorkers.