If the hot weather and beach-goers didn’t give the summer season away, then Memorial Day just might. That’s right, May 30 is Memorial Day, and big brands are slashing prices left and right. Amazon is offering deals on home, beauty and more, HP is taking 30% off orders and amazing brands are offering incredible Memorial Day furniture sales like never before. Speaking of furniture, Wayfair is joining in on the fun by offering up to 70% off furniture, home appliances, rugs and more. We listed our favorite savings opportunities below to help you find the best products for your budget, home and lifestyle during the Wayfair Memorial Day Sale. But get shopping fast, as the clock is ticking — this epic sale is only happening for a limited time! Available in both beige and blue, this five-piece set comes with foam cushions and covers that unzip for washing, one center table, one ottoman and a three-piece sectional. You can also look forward to strong wicker, a sturdy steel frame and a comfortable space for hosting guests. Find more outdoor furniture deals here. Choose from 14 various colors and enjoy a desk chair that’s both chic and practical. Details iron and engineered woo, a five-pronged gold metal base, a T-shaped back foam filling for added comfort. Find more office deals here. A mattress in a box? Don’t knock it until you try it! This one comes with edge support, a firm feel, adjustable bed bae compatibility, cooling technology, low-moisture transfer and breathable construction. Find more mattress deals here and check out our roundup of the best Memorial Day mattress and bedding sales here. With a smudge-resistant finish, water dispenser, WiFi enabled set up, ice maker and door alarm, this fridge is a step up from other classic options. Find more appliance deals here. Available in blue, gray and light gray, this low profile bed is stylish and traditional. A footboard and headboard is included, the upholstered style sets itself apart and the solid wood frame it’s built upon ensure stability and strength. Find more bedroom deals here and bedding deals here. Up your grill game with this Blackstone offering. Simply attach a propane tank and cook away. Best of all, it’s lightweight and compact enough to take on the go. Find more grill deals here. Choose from white, caramel and chestnut and fill your space with this mid-century find. Details include four drawers, a boxy silhouette, simple moldings, four tapered legs and classic pull knobs. Find more bedroom furniture deals here. Decorate any space with this pastel colored wall art. The colors are vibrant enough to light up a room without clashing with any other pieces in your collection. Find more wall art deals here. Available in caramel and walnut, this mid-century style TV stand will elevate any flat screen. It’s compact, streamlined and ideal for your streaming and gaming needs. Find more TV stand deals here. If you’re a gardener or someone who often partakes in yard work, then this tool shed will come in handy. Use it as added storage or put away your outdoor accessories. Choose between cream and stone colors. Find more lawn and garden deals here. Keep those hot days at bay with this portable air conditioner. It’s remote controlled, features a programmable timer and even includes a thermostat. Find more small appliances deals here. Available in bronze, black and white, this bistro set is ideal for summer cocktails on the porch, backyard dining and outdoor reading. Best of all, it features rust-resistant metal, an umbrella hole and stackable chairs. Find more outdoor furniture deals here. Get comfortable this Memorial Day with a light gray, blue, black or steel gray couch. This contemporary sofa features one chaise and one loveseat. Find more living room seating deals here. Everyone needs a KitchenAid mixer. This one comes fully loaded with a pouring shield, a stainless steel bowl, dough hook, flat beater, whisk and bowl cover. Take $40 off your qualifying first order of $250 or more with a Wayfair credit card. Find more small appliances deals here. Looking for new bar stools? Choose between four colors and elevate any bar space. We also love that the legs glides help prevent floor scuffing and scratching. Find more dining deals here. Choose from blue and beige to dress up your backyard. Your set comes with one table and a sectional complete with a set of cushions. Relaxing has never looked so good. Find more outdoor furniture deals here. Make good, crispy food at the drop of a hat. This air fryer is spacious, nonstick and made with stylish stainless steel. Find more small appliances deals here. Available in six colors, finding your little one’s perfect match shouldn’t be hard at all. This toddler bed also comes with wood slats, uses a standard crib-sized mattress and is simple to assemble. Find more kids’ and baby deals here. We don’t mean to throw shade, but this pop up gazebo is one of the best out there. It comes in three colors and is ideal for year-round use, water resistant, UV resistant, rust resistant and easy to assemble. Find more outdoor furniture deals here. Elevate any hallway or entrance with this console table. Details include an A-frame, wood slats and a distressed look. Choose from three color ways. Find more entry table deals here. For over 45% off, this sleeper is a steal. It comes in 10 different colors and features beautiful tufted velvet fabric, sleek arms, tapered legs and button details. It also folds into a twin sized bed for late nights or out of town guests. Keep your space looking clean, tidy and classy with this pet crate turned side table. It comes in four different colors and features a latch door, side bars, and has a sleek look. Find more pet deals here. Make sure your little one has space to run and play this summer season. This playhouse includes a slide, climbing ramp, toy bin, and covered play area. Find more outdoor furniture deals here. Choose from different sizes, shapes and color to find your ideal rug mate. Best of all, it will decorate your space while helping keep it clean. Find more rug deals here. Complete with a table and four chairs, this dining set is classic and practical. Enjoy solid wood, neutral tones and panel detailing. Find more kitchen deals here. For more content, check out the New York Post Shopping section.