A left-wing Democrat challenging House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in the June 7 California House primary blasted the longtime lawmaker Monday as a “corrupt oligarch” who only caters to elites after Pelosi’s husband was busted for alleged drunk driving near the couple’s $5 million Napa Valley vineyard. “More people are coming to recognize the corruption of the incumbent, which is ultimately why I ran,” Shahid Buttar — who is running to unseat the 18-term Democrat in California’s 12th District — told The Post in an interview. “You know, I’m not a politician. I’m an accountability agent,” the civil liberties attorney added. Buttar, one of three Democrats running against Pelosi in the primary, spoke out fewer than 48 hours after 82-year-old Paul Pelosi was charged with one count of driving under the influence and another of driving with a blood alcohol content level of 0.08 or higher after crashing his 2021 Porsche, according to police documents. “As important as it is to prosecute drunk driving, the Pelosi family’s continuing history of insider trading — and Nancy’s refusal to debate any challengers since 1987 — are frankly even more scandalous,” Buttar alleged. Nancy and Paul Pelosi’s stock trades have come under significant scrutiny the past year. In December, the speaker disclosed that the couple had scooped up millions in bullish call options for stocks including Google, Salesforce, Micron Technology and Roblox. At the same time, insiders told The Post, she slow-walked efforts to rein in Big Tech. That month, Pelosi defended the right of lawmakers to get rich from the market, telling reporters, “We are a free market economy. They should be able to participate in that.” Then in March, Paul Pelosi bought $2.2 million in Tesla stock even as some in Congress proposed banning lawmakers and their spouses from stock trading. Critics on both sides of the aisle think trades like Pelosi’s present a conflict of interest, given that she and other lawmakers have access to sensitive information and are responsible for enacting laws regulating businesses. The Pelosis are estimated to be worth well north of $100 million, and Paul Pelosi owns tens of millions in stocks and options. The Speaker does not own stock herself. However, Buttar says her extreme wealth further isolates her from the struggles of average San Franciscans in her district. “She’s not someone there to represent constituents. She’s there to fill her pockets, and her record proves it’s what she spent most of her time doing,” Buttar said. “The hope I have is that San Francisco can liberate its voice in Washington, and remove a corrupt oligarch who’s been corrupting our city’s voice for a generation.” Buttar acknowledged San Francisco’s massive homelessness issue and wants to establish a right to housing to counter it. He condemned “corporate Democrats” like Pelosi who prioritize “housing as a commodity” and have created a city with more empty units than people who need shelter. Still, Buttar has a tough fight ahead of him. He previously ran for Congress in 2018 and 2020. Two years ago, he advanced from the primary to face Pelosi in the general election and got only 81,000 votes compared to Pelosi’s 281,000. Buttar, who is Muslim, believes his campaign was hindered by a “racist smear campaign” after he was accused of sexual harassment in a Medium article. He vehemently denies the accusation and sued the San Francisco Chronicle for defamation after it ran two articles about the claims. The case is still pending. The lefty candidate added that he isn’t getting much help from progressive heavyweights like New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who he says are willing to criticize Democratic Party leadership but aren’t bold enough to back progressive challengers to the leadership. “Pelosi’s individual corruption has enabled institutional corruption. San Francisco’s institutional corruption plays a key role in federal corruption,” he said. “I think many people are increasingly concerned about it.” Pelosi’s office did not return a request for comment.