Memorial Day — one of the holidays on our calendars to celebrate and honor America — is also a day to commemorate the best shopping deals. One of which happens to be the up-to-30%-off sale happening at HP. With deep discounts on laptops, desktops, monitors and more, you’ll be thrilled to whip out your credit cards and get to shopping. Whether you’re still a proponent of the WFH life (in that case, check out the best standing desks and office chairs we rounded up) or need a trusty new piece of tech for your morning commutes (then we recommend checking out the best work dresses and backpacks we listed), HP will have you prepared. Ahead, shop the 10 best items HP is offering at a discount this Memorial Day. And hurry, this sale won’t last for long. For $200 off, snag the HP Tablet 11. It has a high-resolution rotatable camera, has a built-in kickstand that works in portrait and landscape modes and connects with HP QuickDrop to wirelessly transfer photos, videos and documents between your PC and mobile device. What’s more, pair it with the HP Tablet Keyboard ($149) and the HP 240 Empire Red Bluetooth Mouse ($20) for enhanced use. Available in four sharp colors, HP’s 17 Laptop PC is Windows 11-supported and one of the best laptops to buy if ample storage is what you’re after. Designed with sustainable ocean-bound plastic and post-consumer recycled plastic, you’ll feel good about your purchase, too. Some noteworthy specs include its lift-hinge design to elevate the keyboard for a comfortable and more natural typing position, a fast-performing processor, beautiful graphics and a speedy charge (you can use 50% battery power after just 45 minutes!) Similar to the brand’s 17 Laptop PC, the Pavilion 15 Laptop PC is a high-functioning laptop to add your cart if you prioritize lightweight, efficient technology. Its premium 11th Generation Intel processor is one of its most prized features, along with its Precision Touchpad and HP Fast Charge — the latter synonymous with the 17 Laptop PC. What’s more, this laptop has a larger screen-to-body ratio, ensuring HP doesn’t compromise on quality despite its lightweight nature. Its micro-edge bezels help add to an entertainment-like experience, too. Need a new desktop? The Omen 30L Desktop has you covered for $200 in its sleek-bodied design. Clad with a supremely fast 11th Generation Intel Core i7 processor, you’ll have one of the most modern ones on the market for work and leisure alike. This model comes with 32 GB of memory, 2 TB of HDD storage and 512 GB of SSD storage. For ultimate pairing, pick up the HP Wireless Keyboard and Mouse 300 ($30) at checkout, too. If we’re being honest, HP’s U27 4K Wireless Monitor is one of the sharpest and sleekest we’ve seen (and, for just $380 right now!) Picture-perfect graphics is the name of the game with this model, many thanks to its 4K resolution. Additionally, you can connect to your laptop with HP’s clutter-free software. With three-sided borderless bezels, WiFi direct-connect capability, an adjustable stand and down-firing speakers, it’s 100% worth the grab during this limited-time sale. If you love to game, you’ll adore HP Pavilion’s Gaming Desktop PC — the piece of tech that’s (1) built to last and (2) perfect for enhancing your already engaging graphics. This model is built with a powerful CPU that makes all pictures crisp and vibrant. What’s truly revolutionary, though, is its built-in enhanced thermal solution that keeps the desktop quiet and cool, even with an action-packed game on the screen. If you’re not gaming with a headset, you’re simply doing it wrong. Change the way you game with the Omen Blast Headset, featuring 7.1 surround sound, a retractable noise-cancelling microphone and RGB-laser lights. So, whether you’re using a Nintendo Switch, Xbox, PS4 or even your PC, you’ll do so in modernity and style. Moreover, the HyperX Cloud Alpha S Gaming Headset has the same 7.1 surround sound. But, what makes this model slightly different than the Omen Blast Headset is its more compact design and bass adjustment sliders which have been added to the ear cups so you can personalize your audio. The snazzy pair of headphones also boasts a dual-chamber drive system to help reduce distortion and produce clearer sound. With these fantastic bonuses, it’s worth the $64 grab. Let’s be real — wires can be the worst. With Omen’s Vector Wireless Mouse, you won’t have to worry about those tangled-up cords getting in the way since — you guessed it — it’s completely wireless. Not only that, but it’s one of the fastest-charging gaming mice with a whopping 180 hours of battery life after a single charge. Truly, it’ll be a life-saver if you game often (and especially so if you want to bring a touch of convenience to your experience). To pair with your tablets and corresponding HP laptops, the HP Rechargeable 2.0 Tilt Pen is the modern acccessory you need if you want to avoid pen-to-tech lags, a smooth color transition and enhanced writing and doodling. Plus, it’s USB-C rechargeable, so it’ll always be at your fingertips. Please note that this pen only works with MPP 2.0 technology, so check with HP for corresponding technology to pair it with. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.