“How is it time for Father’s Day already?!” — we feel the same way. Nonetheless, the big day for dads is fast approaching. If you don’t have a gift picked out, you’re going to want to start shopping ASAP. But if you’re like us, shopping for dads — and men in general — can be a difficult task. Do you get him a grill? Maybe some swim shorts? Maybe a T-shirt from Carhartt! Luckily, we but our shopping hats on and rounded up the 50 best Father’s Day gift ideas across the online market. Options range from brands and retailers such as Everlane, YETI, Amazon, Best Buy and more. But don’t wait too long, as Father’s Day is right around the corner. Happy shopping! Make sure dad always looks good with this Everlane slim fit dress shirt. The cuffed wrists and curved hemline make this classic and chic. Sure, he could spend hours in the kitchen, or dad can simply pop some of his favorites into this air fryer. Sooner than later, he’ll be scarfing down some deliciously fried food — his favorite! Help him block out the haters with these polarized sunglasses from Oakley. The steel colored frame mixed with the rainbow lenses make them one of a kind. If dad enjoys a joke or two, he’ll get a kick out of this gift. Best of all, you can personalize it with you and your siblings’ names. Treat your dad to dinner with a Blue Apron e-gift card. You can choose from an array of price points, and before you know, you two will be enjoying a home cooked meal that was beyond easy to cook up. Check out our standalone review on the meal delivery kit, too! Help dad get some much needed rest with this white noise sound machine. It’s ideal for his afternoon reading, relaxing evenings or peaceful nights. Make Father’s Day a hit with this Bartesian home cocktail maker. Simply load in his choice alcohol, throw in a drink pod, use a cocktail shaker and serve him the cocktail of his dreams. Best of all, this machine is ideal for parties, too! Summer is almost here, so make sure your father is prepared with some Chubbies. These bright teal and hot pink classic swim trunks are sure to make a splash. Nothing says “dad” like a battery storage organizer. With different slots and compartments, he will have a ball sorting away. It wouldn’t be fair to bring you the best Father’s Day gifts without including Allbirds. Trust us when he says he needs these lightweight running shoes. Heck, get him two colors! If you have a chef on your hands, make sure to get him this Misen Chef’s Knife. It comes in four different colors and combines the best features of both Western and Japanese-style blades. While you’re at it, get him a standout cookware set, too. Why yes, dad would absolutely adore these comfortable lululemon joggers. We love them because they are moveable, breathable and wrinkle-resistant. Transport him into another reality with the Meta Quest 2. With apps such as Beat Saber and Super Natural, he will have fun all day and night. He was a skater boy, she said “here’s a beanie, boy!” But seriously, a guy can never have too many hats or beanies — especially when it’s a totally modern find such as this Herschel beanie. Sure, these may be boat shoes, but when they come in four colors, feature breathable mesh, include ventilation and are quick drying, he’ll want to wear them anywhere and everywhere. Keep his beers cold and his lattes hot with this Yeti Rambler cup. After all, there really isn’t anything better than a do-it-all insulated tumbler. Have a little fun this Father’s Day with this bright teal and banana-cover button up. Best of all, it’s currently on sale for $10 off. Featuring a dual-density midsole for optimal comfort and a molded EVA footbed, dad will be comfortable all summer long in these sandals. Choose from four different colors. This is the Original Boston Scally cap that started it all. It feature wool tweed and focuses on the classic working-class style. Every man needs a good tie. Make sure he has one by opting for this Tie Bar find — but make it trendy by selecting this sage green color. Made for both indoors and outdoors, this puffy blanket is extremely versatile. Dad can take it to the beach, the park or cozy up under it while watching a movie. Did someone say chores? We don’t know her, especially when the Roborock does all of the sweeping and mopping for us. So take our word for it and know dad will fall in love with this robot vacuum. Sometimes the men in our lives need a little help when it comes to creating an atmosphere of bliss. So help him out by gifting him this stone, blue diffuser. Help him tackle those dark circles with this Disco Repairing Eye Stick. Benefits include a brighter, less wrinkly under eye. There’s no one quite as punny as dad. If that’s the case for you, then this is the ideal Father’s Day gift for your special father figure. Help minimize clutter and take charging to new height with this wireless charging station by Courant. Choose from white, green, beige or black shades. With six various colors available, soft fabric and durable construction, he will reach for this shirt day in and day out. Whether he is commuting to work or packing for a guys’ trip, this lightweight, waterproof backpack will be coming with him! Features include a shoe compartment, laptop compartment, breathable back panel and a trolly sleeve for his suitcase handle. Complete with a tear-resistant pouch, two-tone Truman handle, travel-size shave gel and travel cover, dad will have all the grooming essentials he needs to stay smooth on the go. Available in six different colors and inspired by traditional pique polos, dad will fall in love with this antimicrobial and cotton polo. Every man needs a good tool set, so why not opt for this $30 find on Amazon. Not only is it currently $10 off, but it includes 148 pieces. Available in eight colors, these organic cotton washing jeans are soft yet durable. We also love the tapered ankles, which help create the perfect silhouette. Give him the ultimate storage solution. This Carhartt tool bag is currently on sale and features 27 total pockets, a zippered main compartment, an internal metal frame and triple needle-stitch construction. If there’s someone who has stepped up and taken on the father figure role, then this is the hat for them, because there is nothing quite as awesome than someone choosing to be a part of your life. With 25 hours of wireless playtime, he will be jamming out to his favorite tunes nonstop with these earbuds. Dad can also enjoy touch controls, custom-tuned drivers and quick charging. A classic gift? Sure. But if he doesn’t have a pair of good slippers in his closet, then do him a favor and snag this pair now. They’re comfortable, practical and guaranteed to be worn all around the house. Spruce up his space with a Pure Smart Fragrance Diffuser. All he needs to do is pop in his favorite fragrances and click start on his phone — it’s that easy. If dad needs a little style inspiration, these Beckett Simons oxfords are sure to do the trick. They come in five colors and can be paired with suits, trousers and nice chinos. Another great style option is this Fossil leather watch. It features a timeless style that will elevate even the simplest of outfits. Perhaps dad is far away. To bridge the gap, send him this Meta Portal Go for Father’s Day. The smart follow features and enhanced video will make it feel like you’re back together again. We don’t mean to throw shade, but you’ll have the best looking dad out there with the help of these Ray-Bans sunglasses. The all black design keeps them looking crisp and clean while the frame style makes them a modern choice. What dad wouldn’t love a personalized whiskey glass? So show up this Father’s Day with the best gift in hand. Choose from five colors and find dad’s best match. Features include three buttons, collar lining and a slim fit. One of the greatest gifts a dad can give is the tools to successfully build a life. Now it’s your turn by gifting him a literal tool that shares your sentiment. Two can play at the dad jokes game, right? So show up with a bad dad jokes book in hand, but get ready for some increased dad humor. Dad is sure to love a sun protective hat with UVA and UVB blocking, moisture-wicking capabilities and a drawstring closure. After all, it’s the ideal summer headwear. Up his workout game with this fitness set. He can look forward to three pairs of dumbbells and an easy-to-assemble weight stand. Shaving doesn’t have to be hard, and Meridian has proved that. So give dad a break with this simple-to-use trimmer. It’s great for beards, legs and any other place. For just $10, you can’t beat these over-ear Sony headphones. Choose from three colors and unlock a lightweight feel, swiveling ear cups, cushioned ear pads and a wide frequency range. Note: these are wired headphones. The do-it-all dad deserves some do-it-all pants. These everyday pants feature double-weave nylon, four-way stretch, a water repellent finish, secure zip pockets and more. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.