Josh Allen and Patrick Mahomes may be rivals on the field, but it appears they’ve got quite the bond off it. Appearing on “The Steam Room” podcast Tuesday with Charles Barkley and Ernie Johnson, the Bills quarterback — who is teaming up with the Chiefs superstar in “The Match” golf event next month — elaborated on the duo’s friendship. “We were both at Miami this weekend at F1, we were kind of texting to see if we were there,” Allen said. “Saturday night he FaceTimes me and he’s like, ‘Come here.’ Sure enough, we hung out for an hour-and-a-half, two hours just kind of hanging around talking, having a good time.” Both Allen, 25, and Mahomes, 26, were spotted at the Formula 1 Grand Prix event over the weekend in South Florida, where the quarterbacks also spent time with their significant others, Brittany Williams and Brittany Matthews, respectively. Although Allen and Mahomes will be dueling in the AFC for years to come — seriously, who could forget January’s epic divisional-round showdown between the Bills and Chiefs — the two do enjoy one another’s company. “I’ve spent a couple times around Patrick, but every time I’m around him he’s just a great dude, he’s a great personality, he’s fun to be around. Obviously, all the respect that I have for him on the field. I think it’s a different vibe from what people think,” Allen said. “When we step on that field, we’re supposed to be competitors — it’s the old mantra of you’ve got to hate your enemy, you know, but I would say we have a really good relationship, especially for the type of games that we tend to play in,” he continued of Mahomes. “He’s awesome, he really is, love being around him.” Allen and Mahomes will be facing off on the golf course against Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers and future Fox Sports analyst Tom Brady in a few weeks, when “The Match” heads to Las Vegas. This will be the pair’s first-ever “Match” event, whereas Rodgers, 38, and Brady, 44, most recently competed against each other last July, when they were paired with Bryson DeChambeau and Phil Mickelson, respectively.