The intrigue is building for Phil Mickelson to defend his PGA Championship win next week, as the tournament’s boss hopes the looming return is not a “circus.” Like PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan before him, PGA of America CEO Seth Waugh wouldn’t confirm or deny that Mickelson has been shadow-banned for his remarks ripping the PGA Tour and downplaying human rights concerns of the Saudi regime. Waugh also wouldn’t confirm or deny that Mickelson is competing in the major at Southern Hills in Tulsa, Okla., next week, but said that if Lefty plays, all the uncomfortable media questions would hopefully happen before the major begins. “I hope what we can do is have that [the press conference] before the flag goes up,” Waugh said on the “Five Clubs” podcast. “The idea is, if he does play, and if he’s able to and allowed to… he would certainly have to face the media. But I hope it’s Monday or Tuesday… What we’re trying to do is deliver a major championship, not a circus.” Mickelson, in a major surprise, won the PGA Championship last year at the age of 50. Mickelson has been in seclusion in recent months after controversial comments about the PGA Tour and upstart Saudi Golf League. Mickelson accused the PGA Tour of “obnoxious greed” in the amount of money they (don’t) distribute to golfers, and downplayed human rights concerns associated with competing in the Greg Norman-fronted Saudi Golf League. “They’re scary mother [expletive] to get involved with,” Mickelson told his biographer, Alan Shipnuck. “We know they killed [Washington Post reporter Jamal] Khashoggi and have a horrible record on human rights. They execute people over there for being gay. Knowing all of this, why would I even consider it? Because this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates.” It’s been several months since Mickelson competed in a tournament. He missed the cut at the PGA’s Farmers Insurance Open in January, and tied for 18th at the Saudi Invitational in February. Tiger Woods, who competed in The Masters but is still recovering from a debilitating single-car wreck last February, is also listed in the PGA Championship field.