Republican lawmakers decried Tuesday’s acquittal of former Hillary Clinton campaign lawyer Michael Sussmann by a federal jury Tuesday, with one GOP senator calling it “proof there are separate systems of justice in America.” Sussmann was found not guilty of a single count of lying to the FBI when he passed the bureau now-discredited information in 2016 linking then-candidate Donald Trump and Russia. The jury in the two-week trial was drawn from heavily Democratic Washington, DC, and the judge in the case was appointed to the federal bench by President Barack Obama. “I’m shocked the DC Clinton donor jury let Clinton’s lawyer off…HAHAHA just kidding, absolutely no one is shocked,” tweeted former first son Donald Trump Jr. “Hunter Biden off next then Paul Pelosi etc etc. We all know how this goes by now…Only people not tied to the establishment DC swamp ever face accountability.” Echoing Trump Jr.’s language, the official Twitter account of the House Judiciary GOP posted: “The Swamp always protects its own.” “Further proof there are separate systems of justice in America – one for liberal Democrats and their elite backers, and one for everyone else. Sad,” tweeted Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.). Sen Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) also joined the criticism, saying, “Michael Sussmann lied to the FBI about working for the Clinton campaign when he brought forward false allegations against Pres. Trump — that Hillary personally approved. Today’s verdict, while deeply disappointing, is not the end to ensuring this never happens in America again.” Special counsel John Durham himself took his courtroom defeat gracefully, saying in a statement that while he and his team were “disappointed” by the outcome, “we respect the jury’s decision and thank them for their service.” Legal experts said they weren’t surprised by the verdict and that Durham was behind the eight ball from the start due to pre-trial rulings by Judge Christopher Cooper as well as potential jury bias. “The Durham prosecutors were facing extremely adverse conditions in this trial,” George Washington University Law School professor Jonathan Turley told The Post. “Judge Cooper imposed strict limits on the scope of the evidence and possible examinations that prevented the prosecution from showing the origins of this information and the broader role of the Clinton campaign.” “The jury composition was also challenging,” Turley added. “In a city that voted over 90% for Clinton, this was a nightmare jury pool. The judge also rejected requests to bar a couple jurors who raised legitimate concerns over their objectivity for the prosecution.” In one instance during jury selection, Cooper overruled prosecutors’ objections to seating a man who had donated to Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, noting the prospective juror had “expressed a high degree of confidence” that he could be impartial. Despite Sussmann’s acquittal, Turley claimed the evidence against the attorney was “remarkably strong.” “However, the prosecution faced a virtual obstacle course of adverse rulings and other challenges,” he reiterated. Former federal prosecutor James Trusty also noted concerns about the jury, pointing out that three panelists had voted for Clinton in the past and contributed to her campaign. The jury selection “had to have been worrisome from the first day for Durham’s team,” he told The Post, adding that he was “only a little” surprised by the verdict. If the government gets “stuck with really bad partisan jurors, you take your acquittal in stride and you have no legal recourse,” Trusty went on, adding that it is generally easier to make mistakes in jury selection that benefit the defense. Despite the uproar, not all legal experts are convinced the government had a slam-dunk case on its hands. “The evidence was there, but the govt did a terrible job trying this case. They would have had a hard time getting a conviction with an actually neutral jury based on how their evidence was presented,” wrote Virginia lawyer Leslie McAdoo Gordon on Twitter. “Let me put it another way,” she added. “In this jurisdiction, with this judge, Durham’s team should have been making it hard for the jury to acquit, but they didn’t.” McAdoo Gordon did not immediately respond to The Post’s request for further comment.