You could be forgiven for being convinced that the Colorado Avalanche are on their way to a 16-0 romp through the Stanley Cup Playoffs. After making quick work of the Nashville Predators in Round 1, the Avs opened their best-of-7 series against the St. Louis Blues with a dominant performance, even if it took overtime to get the win. According to MoneyPuck’s expected goals model, Colorado finished the game with 5.1 xG, while St. Louis created only 1.9. The only reason that this game didn’t end up as a whitewash was because Jordan Binnington stood on his head in goal. Binnington, who started the postseason as the Blues’ back-up goalie, faced 54 shots and 18 high-danger scoring chances in Game 1. The fact that he got the Blues to overtime was outrageous. The Avalanche continued their onslaught in the extra frame, outshooting the Blues, 13-0, and finally getting one by Binnington to earn the victory. Binnington has skated to a .944 save percentage and +4.2 Goals Saved Above Expected in four games this postseason. The Blues will need him to keep that form in order to buy their offense some time to get going against the swarming Avs.  Colorado’s performance against St. Louis on the heels of the four-game sweep against the Predators has tongues wagging that this team can’t be stopped. Of course, a similar scenario played out a year ago when the Avs swept the Blues in Round 1, dominated the Golden Knights in Game 1 and then blew a 2-0 series lead by losing four in a row. While that result has no bearing on what we’ll see from this Avs team, it does serve as a good reminder that things in the Stanley Cup Playoffs can change on a dime. And it’s hard to imagine the Blues won’t be better for Game 1. In fact, they have no choice. While the Blues don’t need to dominate the shot clock to have success — which is a good thing against a team like Colorado — getting out-chanced in the fashion they did on Tuesday night will give them almost no chance of winning. If you’re looking to bet the Blues, you’re hoping that we saw St. Louis’ floor on Tuesday night. This is a team that finished third overall in goals per game, fifth in 5-on-5 scoring and had the third-best power play during the regular season, so the offense should be able to at least keep the pressure on Colorado. It will take some intestinal fortitude to go against the Avalanche after their performance on Tuesday night, but the truth is that this Blues team is still really talented and can punch up against an elite team like Colorado. Getting close to +200 on a team like St. Louis is always worth a look — especially if its goaltender is white hot. The Bet: St. Louis Blues +190