The Issue: Monica Crowley and Andrew Stein’s column questioning Jewish support for Democrats. As a Jew living in New Jersey, I’m disappointed that so many other Jews I encounter still favor the Democratic Party (“Dems v. Jews,” Andrew Stein & Monica Crowley, PostOpinion, May 2). Crowley and Stein vividly point out that other minorities are wisely moving away from the Democrats. But Jews, for some reason, continue to support that party, even though violent crime and anti-Semitism are on the rise, inflation is out of control, our borders are being eliminated and abysmal policies like the Iran nuclear deal threaten harm not only to Israel, but the United States as well. The idea that Democrats are for the working people has gone the way of the typewriter. It has been replaced by a party of radical Socialists and Marxists who only want to control the government and its people. When I was younger, I never thought I would side with Republicans, but now they are the only hope for saving our country and protecting Israel. Warren Goldfein Mount Arlington, NJ Lack of Jewish support for the Republican Party is baffling and inexplicable. It flies in the face of steadfast and tangible examples of GOP support for the state of Israel and the Jewish people. It ignores the numerous blatant, anti-Semitic sentiments expressed by the so-called “Squad” and their Democrat cohorts. Our Jewish brethren should stop kowtowing to the Democratic Party. Jerry Chiappetta Monticello Monica Crowley and Andrew Stein are correct that there has been a steady erosion of support for Jews in America and in Israel by the Democratic Party, yet the majority of Jews still vote for Democrats. Yet most religious Orthodox Jews vote Republican and strongly supported former President Donald Trump in 2016 and in 2020. We share similar values with the Republican Party — such as the centrality of the nuclear family, freedom of worship and overall traditional values. Although Orthodox Jews tend to have large families, we are still fewer in number than our liberal Jewish brethren, despite the reality that the latter are assimilating out of Judaism with each passing generation. Robert Semel Brooklyn The column by Crowley and Stein was excellent. I would add only one point: The Jewish religion in America is practiced overwhelmingly by Orthodox Jews. I am a member of Conservative Judaism. For the most part, the “religion” of liberal Jews is the Democratic Party. The party gets more loyalty and respect from them than the Jewish religion they were born into. Nothing exceeds that loyalty and nothing supersedes it. Common sense, practicality, and loyalty to those good to Israel (Trump) are all ignored and thrown into the garbage bin. Myron Hecker New City As an old Jew who traditionally voted for the Democratic Party, I enthusiastically welcomed “Dems v. Jews.” Seeking an explanation for the unexplainable has been a constant challenge to me, as I have clearly recognized the growing disparity/antipathy between the Democrats and us Jews. The record, as clearly delineated by Crowley and Stein, defies reason. This is especially evidenced by the vitriolic opposition by so many Jews toward the president friendliest toward Israel — Trump. The long-standing description of Jews as a “stiff-necked people” is certainly appropriate here. Samuel Frazer Fort Myers, Fla. Most secular American Jews do not care about Israel or the other issues presented in Crowley and Stein’s column and will continue voting for the Democratic Party. They’re Jewish by ethnicity and have almost no tie to the religion at all. It wouldn’t surprise me if Reps. Ilhan Omar or Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez got a majority of the Jewish vote if either one ran for president, heaven forbid. Adam Cohen Middlesex, NJ Want to weigh in on today’s stories? Send your thoughts (along with your full name and city of residence) to letters@nypost.com. Letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, accuracy and style.