Adult entertainment icon Logan Long, who racked up more than 1,000 credits in only six years, has died at a Los Angeles hospital after a battle with pneumonia. He was 34 years old. Friend and frequent collaborator Fallon West confirmed the porn star’s passing in a statement to industry news outlet AVN: Adult Video News. “He passed away at the hospital and doctors did everything they could,” West, 32, said. “He was sick with pneumonia at the hospital and didn’t make it.” The bereaved skin-flick star continued, “I loved Logan with all my heart, and his family and I are grieving . . . It is devastating that Logan is gone.” Born Feb. 7, 1988 in Toluca Lake, California, Long entered adult entertainment in 2016. During his short but prolific porn career, the actor racked up more than 1,000 credits, and multiple accolades, including an AVN best supporting actor award in 2019 for his role in “The Seduction of Heidi” from Adam & Eve Pictures. For Long, being a porn star was a dream come true. “I always knew that this is a good profession for me,” the Californian told AVN in 2017. “I’ve owned two businesses in the past, and I just really didn’t feel like doing that any more. Just wanted something in my normal everyday life, which is sex. “And I felt like getting paid for it while I do it,” he added. Long’s loss sent shockwaves through the porn industry. “I am devastated hearing of Logan’s passing,” said Adult Talent Managers owner Mark Schechter, who represented the adult entertainer. “He will forever hold a place in my heart.” He continued, “Having met Logan six years ago this month, bringing him onto the ATMLA roster as a new, young male rising star, we grew very close. He referred to me as Pop. I watched him mature and succeed as a top male performer. Rest in peace, my dear Logan.” Fellow porn performer Buttplug Betty tweeted, “I’ve watched the video of Logan Long peeing on me 5 times today. I’m so f – – king sad he was such a great guy.” On a more wholesome bent, producer and actor Mike Adriano told XBiz: “Logan will be deeply missed. He was a fantastic performer and truly gifted at that. Not sure I’ll ever be able to collaborate with someone as good as he was.” Adriano added, “It’s a sad day first and foremost for his family and close friends, but it’s also a sad day for porn and all the fans and viewers around the world. His contribution will be dearly missed.” Long’s death comes amid a spate of porn star deaths in 2022, including Angelina Please and Raven Alexis.