The crazed man accused of attacking comedian Dave Chappelle on stage during a Los Angeles show earlier this month has been charged with attempted murder for allegedly stabbing his roommate in December. Isaiah Lee, 23, was busted Thursday in connection to the fight with his roommate at a transitional housing facility on December 2, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced. Lee pleaded not guilty to one count of attempted murder over the violent quarrel, prosecutors said. The DA’s office said the victim identified Lee as his attacker after the suspect gained significant media attention following the on-stage confrontation with Chapelle at the Hollywood Bowl earlier this month. “The publicity generated by the attack on Mr. Chappelle helped police solve this crime,” District Attorney George Gascón said in a statement. “The incident that occurred at the Hollywood Bowl was misdemeanor conduct and rightfully referred to the City Attorney’s Office. Based on the nature and severity of the December attack, Mr. Lee is now facing felony charges which my office will prosecute.” On May 3, Lee allegedly charged and tackled Chappelle on stage of the iconic amphitheater as the 48-year-old comic performed a set at the Netflix Is a Joke festival. Lee was allegedly armed with a fake gun that had a real knife inside at the time. Shocking video footage of the incident shows Lee allegedly slam Chapelle to the floor. Seconds later, the attacker was tackled by security. In the scuffle, security broke Lee’s arm, which put him in the hospital. Following the incident, Chappelle appeared to carry on with the show. The next day, Lee, who lives in Los Angeles, was initially charged with felony assault with a deadly weapon. But his charges were downgraded to four misdemeanors, including battery, possessing a deadly weapon with intent to assault, unauthorized access to the stage area during a performance and commission of an act that delays the event or interferes with the performer. He pleaded guilty to those charges. Lee appeared in a Los Angeles County courtroom last week, where a judge rejected his public defender’s bid for him to be released on his own recognizance and left his bail unchanged at $30,000. LA City Deputy Attorney Giselle Fernandez said during the hearing that Lee had several prior run-ins with the law — including a battery charge that was reduced to a disturbing the peace charge in San Bernardino. Lee was also arrested for assault with a deadly weapon in 2018 and for felony larceny in New York in 2015, according to Fernandez, who mentioned a song Lee produced that was named after Chappelle. Chappelle claimed he spoke to Lee backstage before he was hauled off by cops, according to the Hollywood Reporter. The comic told the crowd at a surprise comedy show that Lee had ranted about his grandmother being forced out of her Brooklyn home due to gentrification. Lee believed the attack would bring more attention to his grandmother’s situation, said Chappelle, who added he thought Lee appeared to be mentally ill. His attorney said the Lee, who appeared in court in a padded suicide gown, was receiving mental health services. His pretrial date for the Chapelle incident is set for Friday. He is scheduled to make his next court appearance regarding the attempted murder on June 2, according to the DA’s office.