A draft Supreme Court decision striking down Roe v. Wade set off shockwaves in Washington as Republican lawmakers denounced the ​unprecedented ​leaking of the ruling as a way to intimidate the justices to reverse course. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) suggested the leak of the draft opinion published by Politico Monday was intended to “intimidate” the justices to reconsider their decision. “The next time you hear the far left preaching about how they are fighting to preserve our Republic’s institutions & norms remember how they leaked a Supreme Court opinion in an attempt to intimidate the justices on abortion,” Rubio wrote on Twitter. Others praised Justice Samuel Alito, who reportedly penned the 98-page draft opinion overturning the landmark 1973 ​ruling. “It is time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives,” the decision says, according to the outlet​, which obtained a leaked copy of the 98-page document​. Sen. Josh Hawley called his decision “tightly argued, and morally powerful” and called on the Supreme Court to release it immediately. “The left continues its assault on the Supreme Court with an unprecedented breach of confidentiality, clearly meant to intimidate,” Hawley (R-Mo.) wrote on Twitter. “The Justices mustn’t give in to this attempt to corrupt the process. Stay strong.” Other Republicans demanded that the Justice Department launch an investigation to ferret out whoever released Alito’s opinion. “​The Supreme Court & the DOJ must get to the bottom of this leak immediately using every investigative tool necessary​,” Sen. Tom Cotton posted on Twitter. “In the meantime, Roe was egregiously wrong from the beginning & I pray the Court follows the Constitution & allows the states to once again protect unborn life​,” the Arkansas Republican wrote. Rep. Michael Waltz (R-Fla.) warned that the leak is an indication of the “scorched-earth tactics” Democrats are prepared to unleash to protect Roe and predicted the reaction will be akin to the attacks on Justice Brett Kavanaugh. “This is just so outrageous that this draft opinion was leaked. It’s clearly an attempt to influence the outcome. But be prepared for the scorched-earth tactics of the left on this issue​,” he told Fox News on Tuesday. ”​They truly believe the ends justify the means, no matter what laws or what norms they have to break and be prepared for a Kavanaugh-like approach to the Supreme Court on this one. And they are going to burn it down, as you’re hearing the activists say, in order to try to stop this​,” Waltz said.