They might be the most insufferable New Yorkers in the city. Transplants and Zoomers have decided to rebrand both the East and West Villages, stripping the locales of their articles and redubbing these neighborhoods as only West or East Village. The absolutely unnecessary renaming — similar to a futile, dimwitted effort of calling the South Bronx “SoBro” — is being fueled online by TikTokers and influencers, HellgateNYC.com reported. It’s become such a full-fledged phenomenon that recent relocators, such as VaynerX media employee Tyler Walsh, hadn’t a clue about the proper titles. “I just heard of this like a month ago, that East Village is actually the East Village, and only locals get it,” he told the outlet. “Which, I wasn’t aware of that, but, yeah, it’s a thing,” Walsh, a TikToker who posts motivational content about “how [he] got his dream job through a Twitter DM” added. Other TikTokers, such as Audrey Peters — who has a half-million followers — continue fueling the fire, romanticizing over the reworked region in video clips. “You walk around West Village and you know you’re the main character,” she says, going on to describe the area as “arguably the most charming and cutest neighborhood in the entire city.” And for Peters, it was anything but a slip of the tongue. She used the same jargon responding to a commenter who wanted neighborhood suggestions that would convince her husband to move into the Big Apple (or should we say, just Big Apple). “Soho west village or Tribeca!!” Peters wrote in response. Even real estate influencers, such as Claire Smith are selling the area sans the the. “One of my favorite neighborhoods in the city, East Village,” Smith says before showing off a two-bedroom “large apartment for New York standards” on East Third Street and Second Avenue. Of course, tried and true New Yorkers are put off by the obnoxious omission. “I heard my teenage daughter say just East Village and I couldn’t believe it, I said ‘uh, did you forget the T-H-E?’ ” Lamia Funti, owner of Avenue B’s Lamia’s Fish Market, told The Post. “And then she tried correcting me. She said ‘no mom that’s what everyone my age calls it now,’ ” Funti, who lives in the East Village added. “I just said nothing back, I couldn’t.” “Then I started hearing people a little older than her in their 20’s start saying it at work. I thought ‘oh my God, it’s a plague, we’re doomed.’ “ But fortunately, it appears the same stunt can’t happen in other prefixed nabes around NYC, residents said. “If someone tried doing that in The Bronx, they couldn’t. Respectfully,” West Farms resident Alex Rivera told The Post. Rivera, an artist and influencer who passionately goes by “The Bronxer” on Instagram takes this issue seriously. He said it actually exploits an existing problem in the city. “That is almost parallel or exactly the definition of gentrification and I don’t like that. ‘The’ makes it first, the best. It makes it a title.” Others, such as Reddit employee and Minneapolis native Codey James aren’t totally sold on the new nomenclature, but they’re using it for a sneaky reason. Boasting that “All of [his] new friends are New York TikTok people,” James, a known TikToker, admits to only sometimes dropping the standard prefix — but when he does, there’s a predictable result. “Every time I don’t say ‘the,’ I know I’m going to get people who are going to be like ‘go back to Ohio,’ but it’s always someone with a [display name like] user11278,” he said. “Now I’ll purposefully not add the ‘the’ because I know people are going to comment on it. And so honestly, it kind of helps with engagement,” James said.