For every layering and styling need, the classic bodysuit never ceases to amaze. Everything just looks more put together when you pair this convenient wardrobe essential with a pair of jeans, paperbag shorts or wide-leg pants. Who would have thought erasing the need to tuck — and retuck — would be the modern-day game-changer? Not to mention, there’s virtually a style fit for everyone, with nearly every floral, puff-sleeved and full-on sequined top coming in a bodysuit version. To further drive home the “we-love-bodysuits!” train, it’s crucial to have a styling vision. Picture a simple black bodysuit with your best high-waisted shorts, or Spanx’s cult-favorite faux leather leggings for a going-out look — or an off-the-shoulder pastel floral bodysuit with cropped shorts for a mod picnic. Whatever the occasion, there’s a bodysuit for it. To give you the tip creme da la creme, we curated the 65 best options to shop below. From classic whites and blacks to lace, shapewear and more, you’ll surely have your shopping fix without going in stores. Additionally, click to visit some of our favorite destinations for bodysuits: Amazon, Abercrombie, Anthropologie, Lulus, Revolve. Click to jump to a style: Starting with a personal favorite, this off-the-shoulder bodysuit from Lulus is oh-so-flattering and is undeniably one of the most versatile. Not to mention, it instantly gives a seamless fit. Tank tops, while great, don’t provide that polished look quite as well as a bodysuit. This curved, square neck bodysuit is cute and casual to pair with comfy joggers or a midi skirt. We’re so seeing the Commando Faux Leather V Neck Bodysuit styled with a moto jacket for an effortlessly edgy outfit. Plus, it looks dynamite when styled with Rolla’s Genie Jean ($92) and Schutz’s White Lou Pumps ($98). Basic, staple pieces with some style are the bread and butter of your wardrobe, so why not invest in some of the industry’s finest? ATM has a beautiful black bodysuit that gives you that seamless edge some others can’t match (not to mention, it’ll be the only black top you’ll need). There’s much hype around Express’ vast selection of bodysuits, with this one-shoulder bodysuit a tell-tale sign of all the adoration. The thick waistband and sexy detailing at the top make it great for going out or layering, too. As one of Revolve’s fan-favorite bodysuits, Good American’s design has a minimal undertone with a subtly sexy u-bust and thin straps. Surely, its fit-like-a-glove detailing is calling your name. The halter top, reimagined. Abercrombie & Fitch’s Elevated Knit Tie Halter Bodysuit is a testament to the relaxed-fit style we’ve seen this year (but, one that doesn’t bunch up and, rather, is seamless). We love the bit of plunge, too. Still on the halter trend, Maeve’s Cross-Front Halter Bodysuit is the quality, less-than-$100 black bodysuit we’ve dreamed about. Not to mention, it’s not stark black, giving you a softer look than some others on this list. Simple and chic, Everlane’s Short-Sleeve Crew Neck Bodysuit is great if you’re looking for that perfect black tee to pair with your favorite pair of cut-offs. It’s simple, less than $50 and looks great for any occasion. Oh, she has style. This Black Sheer Ruffle One-Shoulder Bodysuit is a statement to an evening dinner, night in the city or to glamorize the audience at New York Fashion Week. Truthfully, we love BB Dakota by Steve Madden’s new Kiss Me Smocked Bodysuit: from its frilly, tank-style straps to the stretchy ribbed comfort. Just shy of $50, it’ll be one of your most-worn in no time. For just $20, we couldn’t resist adding ReoRia’s Sleeveless Bodysuit to our edit. Like us, you’ll want to pick up all the hues to have all the staples right in your wardrobe. Oh, and did we mention how soft and stretchy the spandex-mixed fabric is? If you’re in need of a seamlessly tucked bodysuit that’s work-appropriate to layer with a blazer,  Free People’s Strappy Basique Bodysuit is your match. Pair it with one of our best work pants or on-trend paperbag pants. We’re all about Lulus’ Fluttering Feelings Backless Bodysuit for that feminine flair that makes us feel easy-breezy. From its flattering no-back design to those on-the-flutter flowy sleeves, it’s a steal for less than $40. The subtle v-cut look is back, better than ever and is your best bet for showcasing a flirty, girly vibe. The Pippa V-Wire Bodysuit from Free People is flattering at the bust while keeping everything nice and tucked. Criss-cross applesauce also applies to bodysuits. With Superdown’s Gene Cross Front style, adding a colored belt will complete the look for a night out with friends. The Superdown Penelope Bodysuit screams nautical beach dinner and snowy winter wonderland all at once, so it’s a great piece to sport all year round. The shoulder ties, spaghetti straps and accented bodice make this bodysuit swoon-worthy, too. Looking for a bodysuit on a budget? This $12 style from Target is no-frills but just the perfect one-piece fit to avoid wrinkles, bunches and creases. Plus, it looks great when styled with one of our best denim jackets. Hello, sleeves! What better way to turn heads than with this Polka-Dotted Sheer Mesh Bodysuit — the less-than-$30 find that’s calling your name. Paired with your favorite nude heels and cream blush, and you’re golden. Keep things tucked in and seamless with Spanx’s revolutionary Suit Yourself Bodysuit. With an elegant (and flattering!) scoop neck, you’ll instantly garner dozens of compliments wherever you go. Add the heat to your outfit with this sexy one-shouldered lace bodysuit, the elegant rendition we want to put on your radar. With light-wash jeans and your hair styled in perfect curls (with our best curling irons and wands, of course), you’ll look fab. A match made in heaven if you want to add a pop of lace but not all-over, this bodysuit from Amazon is less than $20 and has a two-textured look that’s perfect for an evening date night or party alike. Add a touch of femininity and a pop of sexy to your outfit with this stunning blue number. With intricate lace detail and a gorgeous hue, it’s that captivating bodysuit you’ll turn to year-round. We’ve seen lace-trim bodysuits everywhere and this style from Free People is the happy medium of delicate simplicity and bold-type glam to style again and again. Not to mention, we love this dusty purple. Add a soft plunge to your girl’s night fashion with the Lace Ribbed Sleeveless Bodysuit, one of the most unique ones we found that has embellished detail at its interior border. The Lovers + Friends Cullen Bodysuit is the lovechild of the one-shoulder and long-sleeved bodysuits — and we adore it. Add some versatility with this navy color paired with light-wash denim, or the same bodysuit in taupe with dark-wash jeans. Mugler is one of the hottest brands for bodysuits right now and this fashion-forward sheer style looks incredibly seamless with white bottoms. It’s a splurge if you absolutely cannot live without the humble bodysuit. The Theodore Bodysuit adds some definition to your outfit, especially when worn with textured, leather pants. Plus, the cozy, knit-esque top is great for chilly summer nights and wintertime transitions, too. We’re all heart eyes for One Grey Day’s Misto Bodysuit — the modern-day Blair Waldorf meets early 2000s Rory Gilmore. The preppy and sleek Gossip Girl and Gilmore Girls hybrid is waitlist-inducing, to say the least. But, it’s not out of stock just yet. At the sweet price point of less than $15, this wrap bodysuit with flouncy sleeves is one of the most flattering fits you’ll find for styling. And, it comes in six other gorgeous colors. Bustier is the new sexy. Enjoy the lovely shade of red this bodysuit from Amazon — especially great for pairing with denim for a casual look or blinged-out accessories for a glam date night. Red turns heads, especially this choker-style, plunge-fit bodysuit from Lovers + Friends. Undeniably sexy and simply stunning are understatements. Snag a ruched bodycon-like fit (much like your best cocktail dresses) with the Lovers + Friends Jupiter Bodysuit. The tie details at the sleeves and wide horizontal bodice make it a fire piece, especially for America-honoring holiday BBQs. The devil’s in the details with the High Voltage Red Asymmetrical Off-the-Shoulder Bodysuit, the slimming option that is crowd-turning when paired with black flare jeans. Similar to the million and one cowl neck dresses we’ve seen all over Instagram, the Stuck On You Bodysuit with the same style makes it effortless to dress up for an evening out. And, with the right statement earrings, you can’t go wrong. Sexy and sweet, the Contrast Lace Mesh Teddy Bodysuit is a staple for the festival, the nightclub and even the bedroom. Wanting to spend your money on something sexy? Wine not, with this wine-colored lace teddy bodysuit with subtle floral details for a bust-flattering number you’ll wear over and over again — a bodysuit worth the just-under-$10 price tag. Take things up a notch with this intricately floral bodysuit with a matching mesh skirt for a sexier-than-ever feel. If you’re feeling up to it, remove the skirt to pair with denim shorts for a flattering top. Available in nine colors, the Wicked Unlined Balconette Teddy from Victoria’s Secret is a waist-fitting, all-tucked-in piece that’ll make you feel confident and sexy whenever it’s on. Achieve the simply sexy look with the Chasing Geo Bodysuit, which provides tasteful support while hugging you in all the right places. Shapewear bodysuits are exactly what they sound like — top-tier flattering and insanely incredible to pair with Spanx. Not to mention, Skims has the widest ranges for both skin-colored neutrals and sizing we’ve seen to date. If you cherish all the camis in your collection, you’ll love the Fits Everybody Cami Bodysuit. It’s the most minimal-esque bodysuit we’ve found, too. If you love the shapewear feel but don’t want something super structured, the Cotton Rib Bodysuit is your best bet. And, it comes in a variety of match-all shades. Accentuate the declitae area with the Fits Everybody High Neck Bodysuit that naturally provides a slimming hourglass look — with the same extensive size range characteristic of Skims. Feel faux leather sexy in the Wet Jersey Tank Bodysuit, the quality staple you can steal for less than $80. And, did we mention how good it would pair with Spanx’s leggings? Get ready for fall and winter with the High Neck Solid Bodysuit — warm, ideal for layering and less than $15. With Madewell’s Turtleneck Bodysuit, you’ll achieve the sweater-like feel with that tucked-in look we all know and love. While the tucked-in chunky sweater look is one we crave, you can’t beat a polished, flattering fit for the cooler weather. Sleeves, sleeves and sleeves. The Ribbed Mock Neck Bodysuit doesn’t need much accessorizing; it simply lives up to every dreamy standard imaginable. Plus, it beautifully pairs with a plaid skirt for this year’s Thanksgiving outfit. We’re blushed smitten for this Mock Neck Bodysuit, the style coming in five other colors and is that warm basic you won’t get enough of. Shop WAYF’s Lee Turtleneck Bodysuit, a slimming, high-neck style that has relaxed sleeves for a 90s-inspired fit. Dainty, girly and all the rage, the Nessa Bodysuit puts us all in awe, thanks to its delicate design. It’s the perfect staple for urban brunches and the workplace — just add some high-waisted neutral work pants to the mix (perhaps our favorite pair from M.M.LaFleur). Blue and yellow floral print? Yes, please. Rock this dreamy, girly bodysuit from Lulus with some white jeans for an unbeatable spring and summer (or vacation-bound) look. The Free People Dessa Bodysuit checks off all the boxes for the perfect fall wardrobe — a delectable auburn color, flattering and detailed sleeves. Style the bodysuit with a classic pair of Levi’s for going en route to pumpkin picking. Add a bouncy flair to your going-out style with the Sion Bodysuit, the all-eyes-on-you wardrobe staple that, with the right earrings, will be ever-so Instagrammable. Barbie in 2021, snatched. The Superdown Kim Strapless Bodysuit has an elegant touch, especially when paired with the best light-wash shorts from Princess Polly. Ideal for New Year’s Eve — and, quite honestly, any revved-up event — the Superdown Remi One-Shoulder Bodysuit is one to store in your closet. It’s the only flattering statement piece you’ll need to whip out. We love a good leopard print. The Rococo Sand Aine Bodysuit is the dressy top you didn’t know you needed. Add a leather skirt and ruched mini bag to complete the look. If we’re being honest, the Lovers + Friends Darling Bodysuit is one of our favorites. Lilac is flattering on any skin tone. And, we can’t stop talking about the bow detail and open back fit. Sexy and chic, we don’t have to try to sell Kat The Label’s Zephyr Bodysuit to you. It has “girl’s night out” written all over it (and for that, we love it). Snakeskin won’t ever go out of style. Superdown’s Sara Underwire Bodysuit will instantly transform your daytime denim look into to-die-for nighttime glam, too. Check out the New York Post Shopping section for more content.