That’s a wrap! Film producer Randall Emmett — whose credits include 2019’s “The Irishman,” a buzzy flick that nabbed a slew of Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations — has listed his glossy Los Angeles home for $6.29 million, its listing representatives told The Post. Located in Bel-Air, the four-bedroom, 4,276-square-foot gated residence struts its stuff with details including floor-to-ceiling windows, vaulted ceilings and hardwood floors. The chic look owes itself to Bravolebrity Jeff Lewis, of “Flipping Out” fame, who fully remodeled the spread more than three years ago. He lent his touch to those windows, those ceilings, those floors — as well as the bedrooms and the kitchen. Despite the allure of the design — and views of the mountains, canyons and ocean — it’s time for Emmett to move on. We hear that the 51-year-old “Power” producer wants a bigger place for his family located on the Westside of Los Angeles. Emmett has three children, the youngest of whom — 1-year-old daughter Ocean — he shares with his ex-fiancée, Lala Kent, of “Vanderpump Rules.” Emmett and Kent lived in this home together, but the pair called off their engagement in October 2021 after a three-year relationship. Listing images show a glass wall running along the edge of a roomy living area, which sits under a vaulted and beamed ceiling. The adjacent kitchen sports a large window in front of the sink, a prominent center island, stainless steel appliances, plenty of storage and a breakfast room. On the other end of the kitchen, a dining area faces another set of floor-to-ceiling windows that lead outside — and the same goes for that living area, which opens to a patio that can fit some 50 people for entertaining. Meanwhile, each bedroom has its own en-suite bathroom — and the two-story home also has a powder room. The property’s outdoor perks include a pool and spa, a newly resurfaced pickleball court and several spaces for dining and lounging. “Bel-Air is one of the best neighborhoods in California, if not the best,” said listing rep Sasha Kaplan Pollak, of Coldwell Banker Realty, who’s marketing this property alongside colleague David Kessler. “Surrounded by great people and breathtaking views. The opportunity is endless.”