Josh Donaldson was the one who had been drilled by a 94-mph fastball Tuesday night, and even he wasn’t sure Toronto right-hander Yimi Garcia should have been ejected. But Garcia was tossed from the Yankees’ 6-5 win at the Stadium after he hit Donaldson with one out in the sixth inning one batter after the Blue Jays reliever had allowed a game-tying three-run homer to Giancarlo Stanton. “With the situation of the game and a tie score, normally I’d say [he didn’t throw at me on purpose],’’ Donaldson said. “It’s a tough position for the umpire. [Garcia] gives up a home run and hits me two pitches later. In my heart of hearts, I don’t think it was [intentional], but it didn’t look good.” As Donaldson walked to first, the Yankees were angry in the dugout. The umpires met and, following a brief discussion, tossed Garcia — enraging the right-hander and most of the Blue Jays. Yankees manager Aaron Boone said he was “a little surprised” by the ejection, given the score. Charlie Montoyo, the Blue Jays manager, tried to calm the situation, but amid a heated exchange, Toronto pitching coach Pete Walker was also tossed. Garcia’s ejection was not preceded by a warning, though Yankees reliever Miguel Castro had hit Lourdes Gurriel Jr. to open the top of the sixth. According to crew chief Alfonso Marquez, Garcia was ejected because the umpires believed there was intent on the pitch, due to an exchange between Donaldson and catcher Tyler Heineman. “That definitely played into it,’’ Marquez told a pool reporter. “There were pretty strong words. Then you have a game-tying home run and the second pitch — which we deemed intentional.” “We had a discussion, for sure,’’ Donaldson said. “We’re competitive.” Asked if he had any previous history with Heineman, Donaldson said: “I don’t know the guy. Never heard of him.” Aaron Judge, who hit the game-winning homer in the bottom of the ninth, said the play galvanized the Yankees. “When Josh got hit, we got locked in,’’ Judge said. “It got me going. We’re fighting for each other. When something like that happens, we’ve got to go out and win.” Things didn’t settle down in the seventh. Jonathan Loaisiga threw a pitch close to Bo Bichette with one out, leading to Montoyo’s ejection by home plate umpire Lance Barrett. Marquez said the umpires didn’t believe Loaisiga’s pitch was intentional.